My account shows a "gift card" balance. I did not purchase or receive any gift card for myself. Why do I have this? 
i got my invoice on one of my recent orders and im being charged for the 2 day shipping wich i thought came free with my prime account how do i rectify this
Hi, I have a question about returning a rented textbook if I will not end up needing it. I want to rent an optional textbook for a class, but I might want to return it within a few weeks if it ends up not being useful. Will I get my money fully or partially returned? Thank you!!!
I have deleted all books and it still says I have used 216.0 MB of storage. I have no pictures, videos, etc. It says I have some MB of storage in these, also.
" Amazon.com will never ask you to confirm any personal or account information by clicking on a link from an e-mail.

If your inbox has suspicious messages and you're unsure if they're from Amazon, we strongly recommend checking out our Help page resources for this. We have put together very detailed information for identifying a phishing e-mail."
 Can I get an official answer from Amazon on this forum?
I have an unknown charge from Amazon for $79. What is it?
I ordered an Ebook less than 30 minutes ago. I received an order confirmation via email and also can see it has been charged to my checking account, but unable to cancel the order since it does not show up in my library. If I have been charged for a digital order, why would it not show up in my library or even pending orders?
There is no internet or WiFi where my friend lives. She has cable in the area which offers internet service, but she has no PC or laptop to set it up with. Can this be done with a Kindle Fire?
I have been trying to cancel my prime membership before they charged. I click end membership and get a partial screen asking when I want to cancel but there is no way to answer. They took the money out of my account but shouldn't have.
I have an Amazon account and an Audible.com account. My husband purchased an Amazon.com gift card knowing that Amazon now owned Audible believing the gift card could be used at either or both. I noticed that when I entered another visa "gift card" on audible it also appeared on amazon - what???? So what's up guys? Can't you make ALL gift cards work on both accounts?
I received notice of an order zg2844462. I do not recognize this and cannot find out anything about it. Please help! Thank you
My subscription to these Thomas and Friends movies was made in error. I thought that I was buying DVDs'. Please clear out this account and close it. I do not have the equipment to actually use any of them. Lois Fullan
I sent in two books to trade in, the status of the package is delivered but the gift card wasn't put on my account yet. It shows that the package was received on the 11th of January. When will the gift card be put on my account? 
I purchased my 8 year old a Kindle for Christmas and added her to my Amazon account. Problem is, is that when I get on her kindle and go to the Kindle store, you can see everything I have downloaded on my cloud (some things not being age appropriate). I tried setting the parental controls on hers but problem with that is then she can't view the books that I have allowed her to download onto her kindle. Is there a way to block her from seeing the cloud on her kindle but still leave it active on my kindle?
How many of my registered kindles can a magazine subscription be on. It appears that I can only have it on one device per subscription. In other words if it's on my tablet I cannot get it on my Kindle app on my smartphone. I can read books on all of my registered devices.
My husband and I both have kindles. We share my kindle account so we can share books. The problem is we also have amazon prime but it is under my husbands name. So it is a different email and password. The problem being with prime in his name we can't borrow books on my kindle account.
I ordered a something and it was unable to be delivered due to an error in the address and is now being returned to the sender. is there any way for me to have them resend the package? and if not will the money be refunded to me?
I'm receiving a package/letter from amazon.com kydc,inc what is that is a bill or something I'm worried
how do i get to speak to someone "of authority" in the english speaking world about a problem?? and not "chat"
I have been having difficulty with streaming from my prime instant video account my internet provider assures me that it is not a problem on there end so I am wondering if the program has a trouble shooting program I could use
Is there anyway to download my titles and authors into excell to organize by mr favorite books or authors?
I am currently in school and have been for a year now. I am trying to sign up for amazon student but my school is all online. I make payments online and do not have an edu.email. The school uses my regular email. I buy my books from amazon because they are cheaper than the sites the school recommends. The only way I know to send you any information about my schooling to to copy and paste my courses. However, it does not put the school logo on it when I do so. What do I need to send to remedy this? 
I am trying to order a personalized mailbox decal and can't find where to put personalization info. Says include in a note at checkout, but can't seen how or where to do that
I am getting a lot of dictionaries from China, Spain etc. put into my library. I don't want to download them but the "action" icon will not let me delete them. How can I get rid of them?
someone has hacked into my account and placed 3 separate orders for 10 x $5.00 gift cards. How to I cancel these orders and ensure that my account is safe?
I have a friend that has a wishlist. I wish to buy something for her but the ship to address keeps coming up as my own. I can't find and option to ship it directly to her. She says her shipping info is there and it should provide that option.  Would this be something wrong with her info or something else on her end or am i missing something here
It sounds like something is going on here. I suggest reaching out to our Customer Support team, they'll be able to see why the address is coming up with yours and not hers. To contact our team directly, please use the yellow "Contact Us" button to the right of this page.
Can you trade in an original dvd that has no artwork or original case?
Here's a link to the conditions page, I doubt very much they'll accept a dvd without the original case:
I have about 50 books in my index/table of contents that I have already bought from Amazon. I just finished a book and now would like to read another, but I can't access that index page. I have a Touch that's 2 years old and has two real buttons. Please help!!!!
Sunni, try rebooting it. Unplug it from any power source, press and hold the power button for a full 30 seconds. Set it down and dont touch it for 5 minutes. See if operates correctly afterward.
hello, I signed up a free trial of Prime 1 month ago, and today I was charged $79 yearly fee without any notice. My question is:Can I have my $79 money back if I cancel the Prime memership today? 'cause I don't wanna use it any more.
Would somebody please tell me how's my times a year Amazon provide Trade In program in one year? Like when you ship your books to Amazon and it'll give you a gift card for that?
there is no limit to trading in your items. More detail about the Trade-in Program can be found in their Terms and Conditions here:
How do I return an item that was previously exchanged?
You should be able to find the order for the exchange in your order history. If it was within the last 30 days and otherwise eligible you can return it there
I ordered curamed 750 mg. 240 softgels, but the order I got had one bottle of 120 softgels. my credit card was charged $175.92 for the 240 softgels.
Use the yellow Contact Us button on the right side of this web page to speak to an Amazon rep. Choose the phone or chat option, not e-mail.
My list of books in my library show manI books I have ordered, but I have not received any of them. My Kindle is not a Kindle Fire,, but I asked for them to go to my Google Play android, and they have not appeared! I have been charged, but I cannot read these!What can I do?
On your Android device you should install Kindle For Android and sync the books to your android device.
If you have the app installed but don't see your books the most likely problem is that it is not properly registered to the account you are using to buy them. Just deregister it and try the registration again, being very careful to enter your email and password exactly as you do when you sign in to your Amazon account online.
When scratdhing off the code I scratched off the last two or three lettes or numbersa of the code, so know I can't see the last of the last 3 code figures.
You need to use the orange contact us button, use phone or chat options and a customer service representative will help you.
In the box was a slip of paper: If you have ANY problems with your order, please contact us. If you are happy, please give us 5 star feedback, and we will send you, absolutely FREE, these 3 items. (The items are listed -- they are optional items to go with what I purchased, and in total value, probably less than $10).
Since that part of the transaction was strictly between you and the seller there's nothing Amazon can do for you. About your only recourse is to tell the seller you're going to delete your 5-star review and see if they come through with your goodies.
I have a problem with my order. Everytime I place it there is a warning: "We're sorry. This item can't be shipped to your selected destination. You may either change the shipping address or delete the item from your order."  I already changed it to another adress, but it still doesn't work..
Are you shipping in the US or internationally? There are some international restrictions.
There are also some items that can't be sent to Alaska or Hawaii and there are some that can't be sent to a PO box. Without more information, we can't offer much.
I might be able to find some steps for you, I'll just need to know some information. Can you let me what device you're downloading the app on? What's the name of the app you are trying to download? Make sure you're connected to a strong network, this will allow the app to complete the process quicker.
i think i have been ripped off, what should i do, a seller ended an auction early to sell item to me as a buy it now, ebay sent an invoice with directions to wire money, i did a bank wire to make payment but i dont see the purchase in my purchases anywhere?
eBay would never seen a request to wire money. You sound like you have been scammed. Report the seller to eBay.
Do you have an item number or seller id you can post? What does the sellers feedback look like? Did the listing originally have a make offer option? If it didn't have that option it is a policy violation to make an offer. There is a reason it is a policy violation and I think you're beginning to find out why. If you want to haggle then shop at yard sales and craigsthing. Unless a listing says make offer then don't bother the seller with it. It's hard to have sympathy for you since you disregarded all the rules and brought this problem upon yourself. I hope it wasn't expensive.
Surely you must have known (12-year member) that eBay purchases don't work that way. If the seller ended the auction early, you never did a Buy It Now, and eBay was not involved in any way.
Yes, you have been ripped off. Ebay never works like this
"Interesting turn about.
 
I advise sellers not to end actions early. These requests usually come from buyers who realize that the item is valuable and there will mostlikely be a bidding war, driving up the price.
 
Did you receive the typical post sale invoice, or was the invoice generated independent of the listed item?"
Do you have an item #?   CHeck and see if the seller has relisted the item.  Perhaps you can email them and state that you will file criminal charges against them. Ebay is NOT going to protect you since you did NOT follow the ebay rules.
Do you have this seller's emails.  At the very least, report this seller to ebay so that Ebay can remove him and hopefully no one will  else will lose their money.
How did the seller know you wanted to buy the item instantly in the first place?You know it is against Ebay policy for you to contact the seller on an auction and offer a price for the item if there is no official " best offer " in the listing.
I have a new computer so How do I set the browser to accept cookies and how do I paste and copy
Hi, I am just a baby - only 72 - but one sugetion I found that helped is to check with your local senior center - mine had free computer classes - maybe you will find yours does too - just another perk of being a Gray Panther!
Can you say what your browser is using? Firefox or IE can help!
The link shows how to copy and paste. Www.etc…..
Well I'm 71 so your grayer than me.... nice knowing there's still some of us around here
But go to top TOOLS click go to OPTIONS in there a box comes up with heading at the top There you can cange this and clean house of old ones and history etc...Good luck
only 55 so no help
Go top page into TOOLS and the OPTIONS you'll find a small page pop up with different options listed at top go throught them and cookies are in there...then make sure you click at bottom of page so changes become effective...
NICELY answered !
goodmorning..i would like to ask you ,where i can see my markets..i boyght some items and i can't see it anywhere..thank you
"Go to the top of your My eBay: Summary page.
 
At the upper Right-Hand side, up at the top, it says ""My eBay"".
That is a drop-down menu.
 
Hover the cursor over My eBay and you should see the link to your Purchase History.
 
Move the cursor down, and click on Purchase History. 
 
Let us know how you make out."
So did you take junaluna's advice?
Alas ... I fear we shall never know.
TRUE
i know that my markets are in purchase history but not all of them..i bought many things but i can see some of them..
You're back!
Nice e snip
the chair was damaged in process of preparation of sending to buyer, dropped and the wooden leg shattered.  I have sent e-mail to buyer and my telephone number ..............no response yet. Really sorry
Please return the money to the buyer as the item is not fit for sale and let me know what procedure I need to follow other then sending the buyer as I did an e-mail explaining what happened.
SEnd them a photo too.    They need proof that you aren't lying inorder to relist and sell for more money.    I do understand. Stuff does happen sometimes.
Like ms.rodriguez said sending them a picture is the best thing you can do. Hopefully you have a reasonable buyer that will understand.
Picture is a great idea - you need to also refund ASAP if you have not done that.  I would also request a cancellation of the transaction so that you can recover your fees; buyer would need to agree to this, so another reason to make sure that you communicate honestly and respectfully with your buyer.
"you need to return the money, we can't do it for you.   Log into your Paypal account, find the transaction, and click on ""refund"".
Send the buyer an email explaining what happened and include a photo so your buyer won't think you are just backing out of the deal."
Sending a cancellation request is a good idea but only send it after you are sure the buyer understands what it is for and that it won't affect their account in any way. Sometimes buyers don't understand the request or ignore it and you would be wasting a cancellation request.
"is see the OP received a neutral FB for the transaction. OP, those wooden legs are usually screwed in and easily replaceable
i'm not the buyer, but was looking at the listing - made me wonder,
is it possible to ship a recliner from your location Virginia to my location California via UPS calculated at $58."
Seller aborted sale due to an accident that occurred to the chair
"Ok , Ebay works like this............either you receive money or you don't' receive from a buiyer. you still PAY commision
This is punishment that you have  list your item."
"File the non payer dispute and get your fees back from eBay .
Don't file, and get nothing back.
Up to you."
You can file the unpaid item dispute after two days of non payment and close it four days later. When you do that, the buyer gets a strike and you get your fees back. Two strikes and a buyer is blocked from buying from sellers who have their preferences set correctly.
Use the UPI Assistant on your site preferences, set it for either 2 or 4 days and forget about it. Buyer doesn't pay, ebay will close the same and credit your account for the FVF, the buyer is then blocked from leaving negative feedback. We then block the buyer from future purchases. When buyers send us a message complaining about the reminders that ebay send them, tell them, " it's all automatic."
"As pointed out
Open the unpaid item dispute at day 2 and close at day 6
eBay refunds your final value fees. As far as your listing fees
If you pay to advertise in the local paper
and people come and look at the item
BUT
No one makes the purchase
Will the News Paper refund your fees?"
"You really need to read the information ebay sets fourth for sellers so they know how to properly function and don't complain that it's ebay fault when it's your not reading the seller format that is the problem...
File a Non Paying Bidder Claim and you can receive your fees back that were charged on the sale  if the buyer doesn't pay.but not the fee for listing the item which at this point are mostly free anyway"
Agreed
in my account was email adress which has stolen about two years ago, so i cant confirm my account with it. i tried to use confirmation by phone. I chose new number ( because i now live in russia, so my phone number was changed) but there is no sms or calls from ebay. And i wait for third day and everyday i am trying to confirm my account but there is nothing happend. Please help me.
i am writing from friend page. So i write about account which id is- fixsss
You are putting your friends account at risk too.  If you cannot access the old account you just need to open a new one.  If it is suspended then your friends account is at risk and any account you open is at risk.
I can access account. and confirm it but only if ebay works normally. But i still waiting for message on phone with code...
Easiest to just start a new ID
"Hi
 
There are items that buy one months ago, I realize my feedback and do not appear in purchase history.
I have made 5 purchases, none of which appears on my shopping list, I put more than 60 days and does not appear in the record only shows 1, which appeared a few hours ago on my last shopping, now disappeared,
How am I going to qualify that if there are received?,
I realized that I have disappeared excel file with purchase history, but unfortunately not record the names of the sellers.
I would appreciate your help,
I speak Spanish, translated this message via Google Translate.
Thanks, Andrew of Uruguay"
"Ok. Delivery Confirmation is now called ""Tracking""

BUT seems to still be Delivery Confirmation

Copy & Paste from USPS site >>"
Do not make fun of my problem
I was running a backup to a NAS and the system rebooted. Now I can't Back up Now or Change settings. Please help. I try Run as Administrator but it the Program doesn't start.
I just purchased a Canon Pixma MG3200 and I cannot get it to print on my HP Laptop Windows 7 x64.....anyone got any advise?
hi,when I open explorer and go to folder options and enable hidden files and folders display optionand when I go to users directory then on mij name ,and when I click on mij name  I see a fold er whith name AppData which when I open it I see other folders with local ,localLow, Roaming .my question is in which microsoft site I can read about this Appdata folder and its subfolders ,Local ,LocalLow, Roaming.thanks johan
Why don't Skype updates appear in the Windows updates that are released every month?  Skype clearly states in its settings dialog that it will get updates via Windows update.  We have seen it say that for a year or more it seems and yet we continue to need to download the latest MSI from Skype and install it.
"Whenever my computer restarts, I get a message that:
The driver \Driver\WUDFRd failed to load for the device WpdBusEnumRoot\UMB\2&37c186b&0&STORAGE#VOLUME#_??_USBSTOR#DISK&VEN_GENERIC&PROD_STORAGE_DEVICE&REV_0.00#00000000000006&0#.
The machine still works, but I have no idea what is causing this or what to do about it.  Can anyone advise?"
I have seen multiple questions about enabling multiple audio outputs simultaneously in windows vista and 7, like example SPDIF and analog output, everytime answer is that its not supported by windows 7. Why is that? Why isnt it supported it worked fine in XP, could you guys give some details why isnt it supported anymore?
i would like to install the Snow Panoramic theme but the file extension shows as PanoramicSnow.deskthemepack. Win7 doesn't recognize the file type for installation due to the addition of "desk" in the extension.  would it be possible to have that corrected please?  thank you! 
"I was getting screen resolution problem & replaced mine motherboard from asus.
I am experiencing bluescreen error after getting mine motherboard replaced by service centre.
Have visited the service centre but they can't find the problem.
I am having the dump file with me but dont know how to recognize problem from that.
Can anyone help me??
I am using Windows 7 Pro -x86 , Asus m4a78l-t-mle motherboard, Amd athlon xII processor."
Hi there. I have downloaded IBM SPSS to my computer but everytime I try to install it I get this 'Error 1500, Another installation in progress', message. There is no other programme being installed at the moment. I have restarted my computer but still it appears. Any help would be appreciated as I really need this programme for university. Thanks E
latest update failed, error code 8024002D, wants me to insert works 9 disk, don't have a works disk, what do I do?
Hello, I can't install this update, apparently because it is looking for something called "SingleImageWW.msi" and not finding it. See images below....
One of my partition say Local disk d was in logical drive mode. I first converted it into dynamic through cmd. Another drive E: was untouched and it was protected by Bitlocker. Next step what I did was, with the help of third party application, I converted the disk into basic and succeeded. The software asked to me to restart then but drive E: was hidden and I saw in the disk management that it was there and I accidentally deleted that volume and formatted. My documents, pictures were gone. I tried to restore system but that was unavailable. I restored my pc through system image but unfortunately only drive c changed. I tried to recover files from other third party software but couldn't find single one also. :( Please I need your help.
Been using XP and now needing to explore whether to stay with Windows7 or moving to 8.1
Just want to know if there are updates to be installed upon initial start up of new desktop with Windows 7 Pro? What will I need to do or pay attention to if any? And also what time will it take to get the OS up to current  (if any updates are needed to install)?....Thanks in advance
When I right click on a shortcut that I want to delete then click on "delete shortcut", the shortcut reproduces itself so I end up with 2 of the same instead of none. What's happnin? Thanks
my printer stopped working.  I unplugged everything.... reloaded - shows in my devices but still not printing
"I am able to receive but not send mail through my H*** server,  mail.kn**.com  for 3 weeks.  ISP=C*cast. ""The connection to the server has failed.""
Protocol= SMTP
Port=25
Secure (SSL) No
Socket Error=10060
Error number:  0x800CCC0E
I am receiving same error message on two separate computers that use same services.
Where is the problem?"
Yesterday for the second time, my Windows Live Mail has downloaded thousands of old emails into my In Box.  I called the cable company and they said it wasn't them, that it's the email program doing it.  I have like 5 thousand emails in my In Box now!  How do I keep this from happening?  I will get rid of the program if it keeps doing this!  Thank you!
I always use the prntscr button to take screenshots is that the right button? And where on the system do the screenshots go? I am operating a Dell laptop with Windows 7 enterprise.
I changed from Windows XP to Windows 7 recently.  As an artist I take a lot of photos for reference.  I have files/folders setup for those photos.  In XP you could chose and name from the thumbnails as to where you wanted those photos to go.  With Windows 7 there is NO Choice.  I can put a title but it includes the entire group of photos and it places them either in a dated folder or a folder as designated.  Then I have to go back and rename some of them and drag to another folder. Is there a better way??? please tell me there is.Carolyn
How do I enable ipv6 in windows 7, it got disabled by me running some tweak-software and now I can't access my HomeGroup!
We need a way to resize a window on the desktop so that it will be a specifc size (height x width) or match a specific aspect ratio (e.g. 1 to 1.3).  Is there a way to specify the exact size of a window on the desktop?  We can resize any window with the mouse, but don't find a way to specify an exact size or aspect.
I bought a new laptop, ASUS K56CB. I would like to install Windows 7 64-bit. When I want to choose the partition to install Windows, an error appears in red which reads: "THE SELECTED DISK HAS AN MBR PARTITION TABLE. ON EFI SYSTEMS, WINDOWS CAN ONLY BE INSTALLED TO GPT DISKS." I need a solution to this problem. Is anything wrong with my installation DVD or should I make any change to my hardware? The DVD I am using is Windows 7 64-bit, Service Pack 1, DVD. Thanks.
ive just connected my pc to my tv via the vga port, but now the screen wont fit the size of my tv screen (its offset to the right so a cant see half of the time etc) i used to have it connected via hdmi and used "just scan" on my tv options list but now thats greyed out, really annoying :(((
"Hello I have an ASUS laptop running windows 7. The sound card is by Realtek. Recently the sound has become distorted when listening to music. I have tried searching for an up-dated driver, but windows tell me I have the latest. Have also tried Sound Troubleshooter, but this has'nt helped either. Any ideas?.
thanks Phil"
I have no sound on my Asus Laptop (Motherboard: ASUSTeK Computer Inc. |  | K73E Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i3-2350M CPU @ 2.30GHz | CPU 1 | 782/100mhz.)  I have Windows 7 64 bit.  I use Kaspersky Anti-Virus 2014 and Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Version 1.75.0.1300.  Neither one is showing any issues.   I has ASUS assist me on restoring the BIOS and installing the Chipset driver and Audio driver.  They said I should mail it to them but it is out of warranty.  I've followed the help on the Microsoft website for no sound.  My audio card is not showing it has an issue.  I have tried a headset and I am unable to hear any sound.  I can play any videos except YouTube which error out.  If anyone can help I would greatly appreciate it.   Otherwise I'll have to take it into a computer shop to get fixed.  Right now I need my computer as I am searching for a job.  Thank you.
I have a number of (disconnected) mapped drives that i used on an old NAS that I want to remove. I have tried right clicking -> disconnect and <tools> -> <disconnect network drive> but none will make them disappear. Any help? 
"Swithced on my 8 month old lap top to find I could not open Windows Live Mail, receiving this error message.  Has been operating perfectly for 6 months, disk is not full and not out of memory. 
Any suggestions?"
"I made the jump from XP to Windows 7.  In XP I was able to edit the meta data in almost any file and place ""keywords"" even on PDF files.  Windows 7 has done away with ""keywords"" and gone to ""tags"".  I like this system better but what I find horribly frustrating is that there are many file types to which I cannot add ""tags"".
1)  Is there any way to add ""tags"" to PDF's (in a way that works with the Windows 7 tagging system search)?
2)  If not, is there any workaround (3rd party downloads - that work within the Windows 7 metadata tagging system)?
3)  If not, is this something that will be fixed in Windows in the future.
4)  What is the reason for file types like PDF, txt, and MP3 not having ""tag"" capabilities?"
"I've recently been having trouble getting the internet to work on the browsers of my Dell XPS 15 (L502X) with Windows 7.  I have an Intel Centrino Wireless-N 1000 networking card.  I've updated my drivers via Intel's website and the issue still persists.

Though I stay connected to my network, Windows tells me I'm not connected to the internet.  The internet does not work in Chrome, Internet Explorer, or Spotify when this happens.  However, if a download is in progress when this happens (for example in Windows Update or uTorrent) the download continues successfully.

One thing that temporarily fixes the issue is changing the wireless mode for my network adapter from 802.11b/g to 802.11b.  However, the problem arises again after varying amounts of time and I have to change it back.

All other wireless devices in the house are working fine and I do not have internet connectivity issues when I boot the same computer in Ubuntu 13.10.  Therefore it is not an issue with the hardware or the network.

I've updated my driver and did a full Windows Update.  I've also turned on and off my network card and the router several times and the problem still persists.  How can I fix this?"
"Hi, I'm on Windows 7 Enterprise SP1. I have Office 2013 Professional Plus. Whenever I check Windows Update for updates, it never seems to bring up updates for Office.  I assume there have been at least some updates to Office 2013 since it was released?

My Windows Update screen tells me:

""You receive udpates: For Windows only.""

When I click the ""Find out more"" to get updates for other MS products, all that happens is the IE opens up on a page that says ""Use your Start menu to check for updates""

So... how do I get Windows Update to check for updates to Office 2013?  I feel very confused--I mean, shouldn't I be able to set Windows Update to check for updates for a whole host of MS programs (Silverlight, .NET, Office, etc.)?

Any insight would be appreciated!"
I recently changed internet service providers and therefore got a different router. Now I can't share printers and files. My windows 7 laptop says that this computer already belongs to a homegroup. I'm trying to connect my new Surface tablet but it says there's no homegroup on my network. How do I delete my old homegroup and start fresh with a new one?
I purchased a samsung notebook 2 years ago but have been unable to download the Quick Start, essential as stated by the updatesI. Each time I try (10 times plus) it just says unable to upload. Does anyone else have this problem, and if so, can it be remidied? I don't want to upgrade to windows 8 yet
I work at a non profit and recently had a laptop passed down to me.  It was better than the one I had so I moved all my info and programs over and installed my printer.  I had no problems for a few days.  My laptop has financial info on it so I do not use it on the internet - to keep peoples info from being stolen.  One day I tried to print and I received an error message about memory.  I did a scan and now it is complaining about a virtual device driver.  I did uninstall avg2013.  In one of the other forums it said that this may cause it.  I have windows 7 32bit and my printer (which I love and use daily)  is an Okidata C5500.  Will somebody please help or I will have to go back to my old computer which is XP. Thanks ahead of time.
"I am getting the fail message for the subject line fairly often.  Can I go into the system and shut off the reboot function?  Is there a reliable fix for this?
I've run all my Spybots and Malwarebytes and it says I'm clean.  Ugh…"
I seem to have a virus/malware that plays annoying bits of random audio.  I tried to find it with my malware and spybot programs to no avail.  I read that it disguises itself as a sysdoc or something similar.  How can I get this annoying white noise off of my PC?
"This morning I received a strange phone call. The caller I.D said TRIKON but the men speaking claimed they were from Microtech. I could barely understand what they were saying, and the they had Middle Eastern accents. They asked that a program on a computer with windows 7 was about to crash, again I could barely understand what they were even talking about. They also mentioned they they were supposedly trying to save my computer from a virus. They instructed me to go into my command prompt and type in assoc. at this point this call seemed very shady and suspicious. I have no idea how they had our information, they would not tell us who they were working for, and the call quality was extremely poor. We hung up on their call, and then a few moment later they called back, we told them everything was fine and that we would rather speak to an actual microsoft representative. They did not call back after this. This was all very suspicious, I ran several scans on my computer, but I didn't notice any problems. I am very confused and I don't know if I should be worried. I would Appreciate it very much If someone could help Me on this situation. I also have a few question. Is TRIKON in association with microsoft? Is there a computer problem circulating? I would very much like help from whoever experienced this problem, as well as support from Microsoft. 

- Thank you very much for your time. "
"I was working on a large design file when something froze and I had to do a hard reset. After that, the computer was in an endless startup screen (showing the windows logo and ""starting windows"" text.)

I tried the startup recovery but it only booted the blue background of the startup recovery screen. I made a startup repair disc with another laptop and that only got me to the screen asking for the language and region. After that, I was stuck on the same blue startup recovery screen with no menus.

What can I do to restore my laptop? I have a great bit of work on my hard drive and programs with keys that I need access to. It would be a pain to lose them and try to restore them.

(I should also add that I reduced the factory configured RAM from 3 gb to 2 gb a few days prior. not sure if it matters a whole lot but I figure this is important info to add as well.)"
"I have two pop up error messages at every start up, any suggestions on how to fix?
smartwi connection utility class not registered"
"I keep getting an error message when I try to change login for my laptop from my college. 
""confirmation could not be read from the domain controller either because the machine is unavailable or access has been denied""
Does anyone know how I can change my password?"
In Live Mail, where are "replies" saved?  Seems like they ought to go to "sent" but I guess that makes too much sense.  Any help is appreciated.  Thanks.
"Dear all, I've just installed a game in Windows 7. However, after installing, i couldn't start the game. An error came up like this:
""Could not find any compatible Direct3D devices. Please make sure that the correct graphics driver is installed on your system, and Direct3D acceleration is enabled"".
I did come to the DirectX Diagnostic Tool to check. In System tab, i found that DirectX version is DirectX 11. In Display tab, all three DirectX features ""DirectDraw, Direct3D and AGP Texture acceleration"" are all not available. And i couldn't find the ""Enable"" button to activate. It's not like Windows XP that you can find ""Enable"" and ""Disable"" buttons. It appeared nothing here but ""Not available"" line.
I've already installed DirectX 11 SDK and DirectX 11 End User Runtimes. I also try to update graphics driver (however, windows 7 announced that the current driver is up to date).
I'm using Laptop Compaq Presario CQ42 262TU; Intel® Core™ i3-370M (2*2.40GHz, 4Threads);Intel® Graphics Media Accelerator HD 500.

PLEASE HELP ME WITH THIS SITUATION!!!
"
"Windows Photo Viewer or Live Photo Gallery does not honor the EXIF orientation info in an image file. The JPEG files has the orientation info in the EXIF but still it is displayed as landscape instead of as portrait.
Picasa Photo Viewer and Photoshop Elements Organizer do honor the orientation info and display the image as a portrait.
Is there any plan to fix this?
Thanks,"
My folders have disappeared from the screen.  Is there anyway I can get them back?  I am on Windows 7 Home Premium and Windows Live Mail version 2011.
I'm buying a PC without an operating system installed and I want Home and Student; do I have to get both Windows 7 and Office Home and Student or just one or the other?
The other day I updated from windows xp to windows 7 home and I have been trying to recover my old emails from outlook express to windows live. And my problem is I can not find the back up file of outlook express can I have an step by step explanation of how to do this process. I've tried to follow others but seem to still have trouble locating the dbx. files
I just upgraded from Vista Ultimate to Windows 7 Ultimate, and now the Windows Photo Viewer will not open any image files (jpg, gif, tif, bmp, etc).  However, if I click the slide show button, it will display all of the images in the folder in the slide show.  I am just unable to use the arrow buttons to click through the files, as the screen just displays "Loading..." forever.  I never had this problem with Vista or XP.  Any ideas on what could be going on?  Thanks for your help.
"Hello. I recently updated my Computer Hardware and when I booted up my PC everything was working fine untill I got a popup by windows saying that I need to enter the windows activation code again. The problem is when I bought the Win7 install disc, after installing I threw it all away including the code after it being used as I didn't think I would need it again.

Help would be appreciated. Thanks for reading."
Windows 7 Explorer will not refresh the view after renaming and copying files.  I have to maually refresh every time.  I have tried numerous suggestions posted here with no success.  My PC is fully up to date.  Has Microsoft or anyone found a definitive solution to this ridiculous issue? 
"i get the following problum severelely in my pc.
i am using windows 7 64 bit os.
please suggest the solution to get over this problem.

Problem signature:
  Problem Event Name: BlueScreen
  OS Version: 6.1.7601.2.1.0.768.3
  Locale ID: 16393

Additional information about the problem:
  BCCode: fe
  BCP1: 0000000000000008
  BCP2: 0000000000000006
  BCP3: 0000000000000005
  BCP4: FFFFFA80063DBB20
  OS Version: 6_1_7601
  Service Pack: 1_0
  Product: 768_1

Files that help describe the problem:
  C:\Windows\Minidump\010714-35303-01.dmp
  C:\Users\ravi\AppData\Local\Temp\WER-210726-0.sysdata.xml

Read our privacy statement online:
  http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=104288&clcid=0x0409

If the online privacy statement is not available, please read our privacy statement offline:
  C:\Windows\system32\en-US\erofflps.txt"
I have a Droid 4 with the Cloud player for Android installed, it shows all my play lists that I created on the web cloud player, but the playlist is empty. My phone downloaded all the songs in my account but never added them to the play lists. how do I sync the play lists from the cloud to the device without re-downloading the songs again?
Is this supposed to sync the playlists or just the songs?
Great question, E. Strongreen. Refreshing the Cloud Player should sync both the playlists and the songs. If that isn't happening, please post back and we can try some additional troubleshooting steps.
I refreshed the the library, but I still only the one playlist on my phone, all my songs I'v purchased are on my phone but no playlists
I have the same problem. I moved all my music to my external SD card. When reinstalling and synching, will the application sync to my internal memory? (as it does by default and something that can't be changed). If so, that is not a solution for me. I have too much music for my internal storage.
If you go to your device, open amazaon mp3, select cloud, hold on the playlist you want, and select download playlist, it should put the playlist from the cloud to your device.
Yes that exists but if your phone already downloaded the it will try again making two 2 copies
this is my first time using the amazon cloud player app. I want to add the song i just downloaded to my droid 4 preloaded music player. it said that the song was downloaded to my device but it will not show up in my music player. is there anyway to get it there?
I've got to say that the Amazon player is the worst player I've run across - inability to sync playlists, highly restricted cloud size and the interface is prehistoric.
I created playlists on my android device and would like them to sync to the cloud and my other devices. Is this a wishful dream?
If I get a new phone and install the cloud player, will my music that downloaded to my old phone automatically download to my new phone (assuming I check the box to automatically download new music)?
No, not automatically you'll have to choose download playlist from the cloud.
I guess it is, that is what I want to do as well. You think it would be easy to do since the cloud player knows the location of your songs on both the device and the cloud. I would take a quick parser after downloading the list to match the song on the device. I'm not sure why asking for this feature is so hard.
I've been fighting with this application for 2 weeks, trying to sync all music and playlists in the cloud, on computer, and on my MP3 player. I've finally figured out that playlists should be made in the cloud and then pushed to computer and MP3. I can't even count the number of times I've had to cull through all songs and delete duplicates. At last I have a Christmas music playlist. I banished my ipod from the world with a hammer and killed my itunes account. I hope Amazon can tweak the cloud player to make it more usable. In the meantime, some decent directions would be nice.
This is very frustrating for me as well. It shouldn't be so difficult for playlist entries to migrate. Looking for a better solution...
I agree, this is pretty fundamental. I was thinking it was just because I had not spent the time to learn to use it at first, as I have had others before Amazon that did sync. It does not seem a huge leap to mark or tag songs that need to be associated with a Playlist on your device.
My playlist on the cloud player on my Droid only allows 2000 songs on shuffle, is this a limitation to the software or am I doing something wrong?
I'm receiving a package/letter from amazon.com kydc,inc what is that is a bill or something I'm worried
You can always check with Customer Service via the "Contact Us" button to the right to see if they sent you anything if you don't feel comfortable opening it. Since I'm another customer and lack telepathy skills, I can't tell you much more.
It is Amazon's Kentucky Distribution Center. It distributes recorded music etc. to states that are not far from Kentucky. Kentucky's postal abbreviation is KY.
Hi, what was it? I got a email from UPS said that I'm receiving a package from Amazon.com kydc,inc too. I have no idea what it will be. I called Amazon representative about this, she had no idea either, God knows what it will be. Hopefully it won't be a bomb.
If you didn't order something that might've been shipped via UPS, it's likely that the e-mail you received was a spoof. That's an e-mail that's sent by a criminal pretending to be a business. Often, if you click any links in the e-mail, you will likely install a virus/keylogger on your computer, which will log every keystroke you make, giving the criminal all your usernames/passwords.
I've been receiving a lot of emails claiming to be from DHL lately. They say they received a package for me and need to set up delivery. Since there is nothing I have ordered that would come by DHL or that hasn't been delivered, I assume it is spam and have ignored them. I am greatful to this forum for making me cautious about emails like this.
Post back what it is when you get it. Most the the eamils are spam, I get them all the time and know I didn't order something.
Have you ordered anything recently from Familyhood? That includes soap.com, casa.com, wag.com, diapers.com, and several more. My latest order from casa.com shows up on the UPS website as being shipped by "AMAZON.COM.KYDC INC". Hope this helps.
What was it, by the way? I just got an email like this, too...
I just got a UPS notice fro AMAZON.COM.KYDC INC shipment and it indeed turned out to be theorder from Familyhood. Thank you for the info . I know now what it means.
I just got a post card saying Amazon.com.kydc, inc sent me something but I didn't order anything that I can remember. It was sent to my old address and I wasn't notified of it until today and called and it was sent back to the shipper (Amazon.com.kydc, inc). I'm really confused can anyone help me out?
You are talking to other customers here, so there is no way for us to help you. Click the "Contact Us" button on the right to reach Customer Service.
I just got an e-mail saying something is shipping from AMAZON.COM.KYDC, INC, also. Did anyone come up with whether or not this is legit? I have no open orders from Amazon, and the only other thing I can think of - a Zappos.com order - is shown as coming from there. (Aren't they owned by Amazon now?)
MamaBear007, I did look up another recent UPS e-mail, and it does specifically say something is coming from Zappos, so that is not it for sure.
When you called Amazon, did you ask them if the order was from your account? If it's not, you haven't paid for it, and somebody probably has sent a gift. I have a few friends that I sometimes send "just because" gifts from Amazon. You can check Your Orders page, to see if the order was actually charged to your account: http://www.amazon.com/your-orders
Post back what it is when you get it. Most the the eamils are spam, I get them all the time and know I didn't order something.
I did check my orders before I called anyone. The only open order I have is for a CD that doesn't come out until November. Except I'm sure he said it was placed using my e-mail address, which is screwy. Even if it wasn't me, if someone used my e-mail, shouldn't it show up in my orders? Crap.
I think, if it were me, I'd call back and talk someone else from CS. The information the first one gave to you doesn't make a whole lot of sense. If the order had been placed with your e-mail address, it would have been listed on Your Orders page.
It's not an order number in the e-mail; it's a UPS tracking number from them. UPS says that yes, there is a package, and it's supposed to be delivered tomorrow. You may be right about calling Amazon back. Shouldn't they be able to find it even if it is a gift?
Yes, they should be able to find it using the tracking number in the e-mail.
On hold with Amazon now, having given them UPS tracking number. Unfortunately, my hearing isn't what it used to be, and I sometimes have difficulty understanding people on the phone when they have an accent.
Apparently not. It's not showing up in their system, but as someone mentioned above, it could be from one of their subsidiaries/affiliates/whatever. She did say the first guy was simply wrong in telling me it came from my account -- which almost makes me wonder if I should go for 2 out of 3! ;-)
You should get an e-mail, asking if the CS rep solved your problem. If you click No, you'll get a seasoned supervisor. That's what I would do.
Hmmm. There's a thought. Not sure if I've ever clicked "no" on that.
When I click "no," all it does is give me three things on which to rate them on 1 to 5 stars and then "send feedback." I don't want to give the woman a bad rating for giving me what may have been the best information she had, and possibly correct. Think I should soak the package in water first? :-)
Thanks. I look forward to hearing back.
Next piece of the saga: I received an e-mail earlier tonight telling me that the amount of my most recent (delivered) order has been credited back to me, no doubt through the efforts of cust. svc. rep #1. Maybe his hearing/comprehension isn't so great, either. Should be interesting to see what happens after this, and yes, I will contact Amazon and let them know that they shouldn't have given me my money back. At least I'll try; who knows how convoluted this could be by end of UPS day tomorrow. :-D
I think you should wait until this is resolved before trying to get Amazon to recharge your credit card -- at least until you have the package and decide whether or not you want to keep it (or whether your credit card was actually charged).
Yes, that's what I intended. :-)
Nothing! Expected packages from Lands' End and Zappos arrived. That's it. ???
Have you checked your Online credit card account, to see if Amazon charged you for something?
Yes, and no. The credit hasn't shown up yet, either, so I'll give it a couple more days to see if anything else happens. Very odd.
Has anyone received this item yet? I just got the same notice of delivery. I didn't click on any link in the email, but logged into my UPS tracking account and it shows the delivery scheduled for tomorrow. It shows the weight as 0.5lbs. The only thing that I have ordered in the past 6 months was from Best Buy and it has already been delivered. My Amazon account doesn't that I've ordered anything recently.
My face time  is not working ?
After upgrading my third-generation iPad to iOS 7 (now running 7.0.3), no sound comes out of the speakers. Now, I have to use headphones. Apple says it's a hardware issue, but as soon as I upgraded to 7, the speakers died. Does anyone have a solution? Between myself and the "Geniuses" at Apple, we have tried all of the usual stuff (restart, reset, reset all settings, etc). The only thing Apple suggested is that I buy a new iPad (imagine that). I feel like this happened on purpose so that I would buy a new device. I didn't purchase AppleCare when I bought the iPad in March 2012, and I feel like Apple is purposefully going after those people without care plans and disabling their devices in some small but important way when we download the iOS 7 update (Plenty of people online have complained of the same thing that has happened to my device.). Further, Apple refuses to roll back my iPad to a previous OS...they've covered their bases and they're hoping we don't fight back while they work to keep this ridiculous (in my opinion, manufactured) glitch out of public discussion. So...any ideas on fixing the device rather than replacing it at cost?
I bought an ipad here in Saudi Arabia then after 5 month the ipad isn't working. I brough it to apple service center here in Jeddah and they said the ipad is from USA Region, means that it was bought in US and service warrantly is valid in US only.
I'm printing from my iPad for the first time using AirPrint. Is there a way to change Landscape or Portrait, or scale?
First of all my iPhone Kindle app wouldn't recognize my Amazon info (totally correct), so I deleted it, went onto iTunes downloaded the app again. So now it shows up on my iPhone in iTunes. Except it isn't on my iPhone!
"Hi I keep being told that the iPad could not be synced because this computer is no longer authorized for purchased items that are on this Ipad.
 
I have tired to authorize, deauthorize, deauthorize all.
 
My account details dont change still says I have used 5 out of 5 computers authorized including this one.
 
Any help please"
"Hi,
 
I just purchased the IPad Air as an upgrade from orginal IPad.
 
I have a question regarding the front facing camera when in the camerqa application. If you switch to the front camera in the app, you will notice the 'toolbar' remains on the same side of the actual front camera, weather you are in horzantal or vertical mode. The toolbar sits on the same side of the camera; thus when you go to take a picture your hand goes over the camera. Why is this??? and Can it not be changed?
 
Obviously, you could awarkwardly use your other hand but then it covers the screen.
 
The orginal Ipad didn't do this.. So why does the NEW model do it? Any help?
 
Thanks,"
"Help???
"
I just discovered that my ipad defaulted to icloud email which I never use.  For two days I have been trying to access responses to emails I sent without success.  When I go to icloud.com on both ipad and iPhone it only gives me the option to set up icloud on this device which I believe has already been done.   The instructions direct me to icloud.com and the same page. I cannot get to a login page.  I did got to settings and ther at no restrictions and email is turned on. Help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
I set up a new IMAP account in iPad Mail, but the incoming messages are sorted wrongly. First time I tried, they ONLY show the time of day for each message, and messages are sorted ONLY by what time of day they were sent (so old messages at later time of day come top).  So I deleted that account and tried again.  This time messages are sorted ONLY by day of the week, so all messages ever sent on a Friday come before all mesages sent on a Thursday etc.  In both above cases the date is not shown in the message list.  The same IMAP server accessed on another computer behaves normally - messages are sorted by date.  This is iOS7 on an iPad2.  Any ideas anyone?
cannot message from ipad even though have imessaging turned on.  What do I need to do to message from the ipad?
"Since iOS 7 upgrade, Safari crashes on a regular basis.  I notice this especially when going to a page with embedded YouTube videos.  Sometimes it happens just by going to the page, and if not then almost always when trying to play the video.  I have tried rebooting, resetting, turning off iCloud, etc., all to no avail. I have an iPhone 5 and an iPad 2, and this problem occurs on both.
 
P.S. I updated to iOS 7.0.2, and this problem, which was happening before, still happens."
"Hi   
 
In outook I have contacts under icloud and different contacts under contacts, hope that makes sense, it is very annoying when emailing and swapping both to find the person I want.
 
How can I merge both contact lists?"
Charger chipped and is stuck in ipad help
On the new ipad air I just noticed a graphic glitch in ios 7 dock when closing apps with gestures in landscape orientation. It appears as a black square in the right corner. The square does not appear when I close an app with the home-button. Anyone else experiencing this?
Can I use Apple's wireless mouse on the Ipad 2? I have connected my wireless bluetooth keyboard to my Ipad. I am not too sure whether Apple's wireless mouse can also be connected to the Ipad 2 as this will empower me to use the Ipad as a mini laptop.
"I received the 7.0.4 update on my IPhone 4. I don't like it.  I feel Apple went cheap. From the way the apps look to the various issues I have encountered. 1 issue-IBooks: I can't see purchases and Library shelf missing, the books are displayed against white background
Any one know how to fix? Appreciate the help"
I need to unlock my iphone 4. I've emailed AT&T requested and I've got an email from them for restoring and using my itune, my iphone can be unlocked. I did but no sucesseful. Please I need some help
 dropped my phone this morning, and now it isn't functioning the same. It still works and turns on but I can't text as quickly, i can't send photos, sometimes it freezes on me and I can't sign into my apps such as twitter, or instagram. I'm not really sure exactly what is going on. I've had to reset my phone 3 times today. (May I add, that when I dropped it, it was charging). What do I do?
Don't know why?
After upgrading to ios7 on my iphone 4s location based reminders don't work unless the reminders app is running in the backround. Also location based reminders created by Siri will not work unless I unlock the phone and open the reminders app. Is there a way to fix this?
Can this be true? I purchased an Iphone 5 with applecare in May 2013. I also signed up for the monthly insurance thru ATT. Lost my phone in September and had it replaced by ATT insurance and paid a $200 deductible. Well just cracked my screen this weekend. Took it to the Apple store and they said the applecare plan I bought in May 2013 is no longer valid. Can that be right?
"
Since I upgraded to iOS 7.0.4 my songs keep skipping, anyone else have this issue??"
"
I am getting an error message on my iPad informing me there is no sim installed when there is! I have even had the sim exchanged and tested in another iPad.
iPad, iOS 7.0.4"
I tried all steps which have been posted here, really non of them work on my 4s. Wonder why there is this forum ... none of the apple empoyees seem to be answering posts here
"After upgrading from a 100% functional iphone 4s from ios 6 to ios 7.
 
wifi stopped working. after reboot, wifi setting is greyed out. bluetooth button is shown as busy circle...
 
done: network reset, backup restore, dfu mode with fresh ios7 file....
 
turning wlan on in new config bar is available, but does not turn on wifi....
 
apple diagnostic tool said that I have a charging problem, but everything is fine with charging batteries.
 
I can not believe that there a so many coincidences with hardwareproblems?"
I have reentered my fingerprints multiple times.  The sensor works maybe 3 or 4 times, then fails again, and that is it.  Yes, my finger and thumb are both clean, dry, and lotion free.  When I call Apple, they tell me that they are not getting a lot of complaints about the fingerprint technology.  I don't believe them.  When I went into the store to complain, they gave me a new phone.  No, it doesn't work either.  We have been huge Apple fans since the beginning.  Not so much now.
"I got an Iphone 4 for my daughter for christmas. I have updated it to the latest IOS. Everything works on the Iphone except it is slow charging (takes all night) and Itunes does not recognize it. Does anybody know what the problem is?
 
Thanks"
I Need Help Big Time!!
Hi, I got my iPod touch in late august 2013, after my old 2nd generation iPod touch finally stopped working. I was actually very pleased with this device up until I noticed today that something wasn't right. When I try to insert headphones into my ipod, they will not slide in all the way, even with significant force. Just to clarify, I am extremely engtle with my ipod, because of my hate for scratches, so my ipod has never had anything dangerous go anywhere near that headphone jack. I dont understand why it would do this, and was wondering what I should do. Should i make an appointment at my local genius bar? Will it be repaired or replaced or will they try to make it seem like it's my fault? Anyways, thanks for any help I can get. I really do appreciate it.
I've added new songs to my iTunes library via iTunes and the smart playlists in iTunes have updated (recently added, best this month), so I can see the new songs/albums in my itunes library and in the smart playlists in iTunes, yet they have not transferred over to my iPod. I have tried to sync my iPod via USB and the playlists still haven't updated. My iPT5g is running the latest firmware and iTunes is also running the latest firmware.
Recently, I updated my ipod touch 5g software to ios 7. Since then, when i charge my ipod touch, it takes only 2hour to fully charge and sometimes 1 hour 30 minutes. Before i update the software(ios6.1.3) it take 4 hours to fully charge and can use up to a day. But with ios 7 it drain a lot of battery and charged two times faster than usual. I wanna to make sure that if this issue is cause by the software (ios7.0.4) or is my ipod touch's battery had spoilt.  Anyone have the same problem??
Ever since I updated to ios 6.1.3 my  imessages have been messing up bad, then I updated to ios 6.1.5 hoping it would fix my imessages but it didn't. So everyone's been saying just to turn my imessages off then back on, but i have important messages and I don't want to lose them!
"my i pod touch 8 gig can not play games it says you mustvhave ios 5
"
"Hey there,
 
Most of my iTunes library seems to of disappeared. I have no playlists, no purchased playlist etc. All of my Tv Shows have gone too,
 
My battery died the other night, when i switched my Mac back on the following morning most of my content was gone. (iTunes only)
 
 
Any idea why this has happened?
Is it possible for me to retrieve my playlists and content etc?
 
Thanks,
 
Chris!"
"New update.... iphone 4, itunes and ios up to date. Have purchased album that does not show up on itunes (from itunes) and other imported CD's which show in itunes but will not transfer to iphone. Frustrating to say the least.
 
I have restarted the computer 3 times, rebooted phoned 3 times, unmarked songs and then ""added""  them again and attempted to  sync after each time to no avail. (Imac with 10.7.5, iphone with 7.0.4)
Have read that this is a glitch however none of the fixes have worked that I have read about.
 
Hoping there is a fix.
 
cant add the itunes purchased album to playlists as it does not show and there are albums I cant add making this stuck with what I have on the phone.
 
I am hoping this is fixable as if not I will be terribly dissapointed and hate to say it may have to find another way to play my music even if this requires a new phone. (and if the iphone is screwed up wouldnt make much sense to get another.)
 
seeking help as im losing what little hair I have left!!"
"I am having problems with iTunes ripping feature.  The system seems to fail frequently when using iTunes to rip CDs which have a large percentage of the disc written.  The smartDrive is able to read the cd just fine when listening to the disc.  The problem that I see is with the speed with which iTunes is instructing the system to rip at; i.e., the sytem is ripping at approximately x18 speed when at the outer edge.  I am well aware that that the angular velocity increases with the radius so, please do not try to school me in physics.
 
How can I slow down the rip rate, let's say to x4 or x2 or even x1 even?
 
If I go into the termainal and use
$ df - h
to show the device filesystem I can get the mount name of the CD that I am trying to rip
 
Then I if I try to use
$ cp -rpv ""/Volumes/Mount Name"" ./
to copy the mount to the Documents folder it also fails
 
However, if I  use a
$ ditto -v ""/Volumes/Mount Name"" ./
 
The system is capable of copying the cd data to my documents folder with no problem.
 
It is clearly not my smartDrive it is the driver that iTunes is using to rip the data that is the problem."
"THIS IS DOING MY HEAD IN.
 
We recently purchased a Mac Mini to help us manage our iPads. I intend to use Apple Configurator to supervise our 26 iPads but I'm having no luck! Configurator just keeps trying to put iOS 6.1.3 on. I have downloaded the 7.0.4 ipsw and stuck that in the folder, deleted the 6.1.3 ipsw but that didn't work. Then I read somewhere that Configurator uses the latest ipsw that iTunes has downloaded. ""Ok"" I thought, went into iTunes, plugged an iPad in and checked for an update ""The iPad software update server could not be contacted. Make sure your network settings are correct and your network connection is active, or try again later"" FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU.
 
We are on a school network with proxy settings in place. Now, that shouldn't causing an issue as our Windows machines can download updates through iTunes.
 
I then did some more digging and found a solution that told me to add something to the line that had gs.apple.com in it. Well, our hosts file has no such thing.
(Little more information. The soloution was to: go to finder > press go from the top menu > type in '/private' and hit enter > copy the hosts file to the desktop > add a hashtag and a space before the line that says 127.0.0.1 gs.apple.com.) That line does not exist in our hosts file. I have 127.0.0.1 localhost, and that's it.
 
Any help would be more than appreciated. Thanks!"
Although sending music from my computer  (iRadio) to my Apple TV was working just fine all of a sudden I keep getting a message that there is not enough bandwidth to send iTunes to Apple TV. Prior to getting the message, I iRadio stopped on the computer and I got a message there was an iTunes store problem.
"Occassionally, my two superdrives open on bootup. Any ideas why this is happening?
"
"I have a:
 
23"" apple studio LCD monitor
Mac Pro Tower
 
2x2.66 GHz Dual-Core Intel Xeon
 
12gb 667 Mhz DDR FB-DIMM
 
NVIDIA GeFroce 7300 GT 256MB
 
MAC OSX lion 10.7.5  11G63
 
 
When I start my computer up, the screen will open to the login area and then 75% of the time the screen has lines across it and the mouse will move but no curser actions will work. I have to restart the computer maybe 3 times then it works fine.
 
Sometimes while I work the screen with shake on the lcd.. like there is an earthquake but clearly there isn't
 
I can give new info as it happens.
 
If this is the graphics card I want to replace it.
 
I don't know how to test it.
 
I'm very capable of buying a new one and replacing it.
 
also if there is an upgrade to this card if its the card I rather replace it with that.

 
I work on this computer and want to nip this in the bud ASAP because it's costing me money.
 
 
Any help is greatly appreciated."
"The tech specs on the upcoming Mac Pro say up three 4K displays and up to six Thunderbolt ones:
 
http://www.apple.com/mac-pro/specs/
 
Thunderbolt 2 doesn't have a video (DisplayPort) channel any more, so I have to assume you can't connect HDMI or DisplayPort monitors directly to TB pots on the new Mac Pro. Does this sound right?
 
If so, what are the options to connect four 1080p HDMI monitors to the new Mac Pro?
 
Possibilities:
- Matrox TripleHead2Go - $300. Will it work?
- Sonnet or Magma TB-to-PCIe chassis with an add-on graphics card, probably something from AMD so they can be on the same driver.
 
Anything else that I might be missing?
 
Thanks!"
I have a mid 2012 MacBook Pro, 15 inch. I don't have any Bluetooth devices. So I turned it off and disabled everything in Bluetooth properties. But I keep finding Bluetooth turned on. How do I keep it off? Checked with my help desk. They don't have a clue. Typically after I've been away from the MacBook for a few minutes I'll find it on. But not always. How do I find out what is turning it on?
"I have a MacBook Air.  It is the 11-inch, Mid 2012 model.
 
Work provided me with a non-Apple, twenty-inch display to use with the Air, but to me, text apears fuzzy on the display.  Since I use Word and Outlook intensively, that is a major problem.
 
I'm thinking about buying a new large display and one of my options is the Thunderbolt Display.
 
I intend to go in to the nearest Apple store to test the display myself, but I'd really welcome feedback from the community both in terms of fuzziness (or clarity) and general interoperablity with the Air.  Are there other options which are as good or even better than the Apple Thunderbolt display?"
"
I have a 13"" MacBook Air I think the year model is 2013. I can't be 100%... however the display screen has took some accidental impact resulting in half the screen turning into a rainbow colour effect. There physically is no damage to the screen itself.
I was wondering if anyone could give me a rough quote how much it will cost for Apple Genius Bar to do the repair, or any other solutions, any help/information would be much appreciated. Thanks"
"
I'm trying to drag my files from finder to an external hard drive--I just get the universal ""do not"" symbol.  How do I do this?"
"
Hi everyone, i have a new MBA 13' (mid 2013) and i am very happy with it but i think that the spacebar is not very firm, it works fine but i feel it a little bit loose and by far it's the most noisy key i have in my keyboard. Is this a common experience?"
"Hello,
 
I recently installed Mavericks onto my Macbook Air 2013, Haswell, 128GB i5 model
I find that the battery drains very quickly; in general it only shows an estimate of less than 6 hours with just Chrome open. Before it used to be 10-12 hours+. I used to not notice when the battery percentage would go down; now every few minutes I notice it slowly decreasing.
I read that the computer needs time to index the hard drive but I do not see the Spotlight indexing.
What is going on? Does the computer need to go through one cycle of almost draining the battery from full in order to accurately preserve energy?
The computer went from 100% to around 78% over the span of around 2 hours... not good.
 
Why is my computer showing a decrease in battery life when Mavericks is supposed to increase it dramatically? Typing this message in a span of 10 minutes already dropped my battery life around 1-2%. (No hardware problems; flawless on Mountain Lion)
 
Thanks,
 
Sam"
"How do I stop trackpad pointer freezing?
"
HELP! I downloaded OS X mavericks via utorrent because (apple store download keeps breaking off). I think I didn't install it properly, now when it boots, all I see is the grey light and apple logo. How can I get it back to normal? I've got my final year project on there and unfortunately I didn't do any back ups. I'm screwed!! Pls help.
"I was posting in another thread and I started wondering. Are there books or authors that you might not read, except you accidently stumbled onto an audio book with an excellent narrator who did such a great job that you went looking for other books narrated by that same artist?
I was posting in another thread and I started wondering. Are there books or authors that you might not read, except you accidently stumbled onto an audio book with an excellent narrator who did such a great job that you went looking for other books narrated by that same artist?
"
Patrick Lawlor is one half of the team that does Suzanne Brockmann's audio books. I love his reading. I have hunted down books (including The Darwin Awards on audio) just because he is the narrator. I forget the person who reads Charlaine Harris's Sookie Stackhouse books, but she is great as well. I really feel like I know Sookie. Two other great readers are Joyce Bean & Laurel Merlington. 
I've been doing a big clear-out of my books in preparation for moving house soon (the TBR pile was out of control!) and have come across an old copy of Laura Kinsale's "Flowers From The Storm" that I'd forgotten I owned. I vaguely remember flipping through it and seeing a lot of "thou" and "thee" used in the dialogue and being put off. Opinions seem to be widely divergent on this one, with some reviews calling it the best ever and others calling it a "duty pairing" and not romantic at all, with an unlikable heroine and hero. What do you guys think? Is it worth reading? Or is the language really a turn-off, Christian a spoiled man-whore and Maddy a sanctimonious pain in the butt? :)
I adore the premise; 2 very different people, come together and overcome a very real set of circumstances. I think the spoiled and self indulgent Christian and the puritanical Maddy are very interesting counter points of character development. Maddy is often rigid and Christian selfish. However the story weaves them together in such a way as you continue to hope that they will overcome the external and well as internal issues against them. I grew to like each of the characters as the story progressed. I was completely taken with how the author described the impairments Christian suffered from his stroke and was amazed at how skillfully she presented each of hero and the heroine's POV. LK gives us not only what Christian hears, but also the slow, agonizing process of his having to grope his way to comprehension, so we come to realize what's been said at just the same time as he does. What a masterful way to build reader identification with the character! Some issues of co-dependency arise: would these two have come together without the disabling stroke? Likely not. Does that mean their love is not as admirable? I don't think so. To see these characters through each others eyes, and in the end, find the place that they can be who they are in their relationship is a powerful thing. The author created a very interesting context, the inhumane treatment of any "mental" aberration and the historical accuracy of the Quakers movement to humanize treatment of mental illness. As disturbing as the descriptions in FOTS are, they are relatively benign compared to the typical treatments of the time. I loved this story, I will be reading this again. BTW- I would love to see this as a movie with Natalie Portman as Maddy. I wonder who who could play Christian?
"I started this thread so that those of us who are Kindle enthusiasts could share recommendations for bargain Kindle romance books that are really good. I'm a voracious reader, as well as a bargain hunter. A bargain could mean it's under $5, or it could mean that the price of the book was just reduced... whatever. 
There are many books out there that are inexpensive, but still wonderful, wonderful stories. "
I've tried on both my HP Touchpad and PS3 through Playon media server, and the video always freezes at the 15 minute mark. It then refreshes, but only sound continues--the video doesn't budge. Anyone else have a similar issue?
After losing an internal drive I needed to re-download all my Amazon Cloud Player music files on my PC. I tried going to Preferences and using the 'Restore' button but that did nothing. I re-downloaded the Amazon Cloud Player for PC application and manually selected all my songs to download. With many song files this took a long time. After doing that and exiting the player and then starting it again many of the files had the 'Downloaded' indicator missing so I re-downloaded them again. This keeps happening where I select to have the music files downloaded, they show them downloading but then the files are still showing as not downloaded. My local music file count is still less than all the music files counted on the cloud. How do I restore ALL my music files from the cloud to my PC?
Amazon has proven that it doesn't place the customer first buy continuing to limit access to its movie platform to certain devices. Anyone with the slightest knowledge of technology knows that there is no technical hurdle to them providing an app for Android, but they have chosen, for years, not to provide one. This is why I will never purchase content from them. They are trying to lock you into an ecosystem. I have been using Vudu now for about a month and, while not perfect, it is a far superior service compared to Amazon Instant Video. The prices are comparable, the audio/video quality are superior, and the videos are available on a far wider variety of devices. It is not just limited to videos though. Amazon forces you to jump through hoops to download music that you've legally purchased. They even have disclaimers saying that you are responsible for the music and that they might not let you redownload it ever. Why bother with that? No thanks. I'd much rather purchase my music from a service like Google music or, better yet, just get a music subscription. That way I get all the new music and don't have to deal with these ridiculous draconian restrictions. Well, that's my rant for the night. I'm off. But before I go, I'd like to recommend that you tell anybody who asks you about Amazon Prime, to not even factor the video service in their decision. If they just want the faster shipping, fine. By all means, get Prime. But if they are interested in streaming video, do the kind thing and tell them the truth. The AIV library for Prime is, to describe it kindly, paltry and much of the content is shared with Netflix which has a much larger library. And chances are, they may not even be able to watch the videos on many of their devices. That's what I tell everybody who asks me about it.
I don't understand why Amazon is still not accepting Bitcoins. It's a currency with substantial amount of current customer involvement and also has potential to bring new customers to Amazon. What does Amazon has to say about this?
"I use amazon kindle fire in canada, but my amazon account is set to US so I have features like mayday and stuff.

Will I be able to use the amazon fire tv in canada?"
Go to amazon on a web browser?? What does that mean? I've watched shows before with no issues and now it tells me to go amazon on a web browser...btw..it's on my ipad.
Let me guess - you are trying to purchase something? Because of a pricing feud between Apple and Amazon you can't purchase anything from within the Kindle or Instant Video apps. You have to go through a web browser - Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer, etc. - to buy the content, then use it in the app.
Why can't I quickly get back to an instant video i couldn't finish last night. It was part of a free Prime video. But why can't an unfinished video be quickly brought to your attention when you log on. There is an option to resume a video which is great. The problem is that there is no place to see a history of what you watched recently so you can go back to it quickly. You only show a history of purchases. I'm sure YOU are keeping history of everything I do on the site. So why can't I see where I was in Amazon recently.
Depending on the device, you *do* see a recent history. The last few videos I've watched pop up on my Fire HD's carousel, for example.
"I am logged in to my Prime account and am trying to place in item; NZXT PHANTOM ATX Full Tower Case, White PHAN-001WT

I get the following;
ERROR
The request could not be satisfied.

Generated by cloudfront (CloudFront) 

URL in address bar: http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/gp/product/handle-buy-box/ref=dp_start-bbf_1_glance

All script blockers are off. Cookies on."
Amazon approved sender. List
"What do you mean?

Also, having your e-mail address as your pen name on the forums probably isn't a good idea."
I wanted a few items by Easter, it just seems like if they are in stock they should be shipped. Why wait? to make me order Prime?
You're given an estimated delivery date during checkout, and by submitting the order you're agreeing to that date. From Amazon's end they could ship it low-priority USPS an hour after you order it, standard a few days later, or overnight the night before - as long as it gets to you by the agreed-upon date they've fulfilled their end of the bargain.
I have purchased raising up revival leaders and have it on my android phone, tried to download it on my pc and it does not show up to download, I may be going somewhere else, please help. Jose Negron
"Do you have the Kindle for PC reading app downloaded to your PC? If not, download it, then look in the cloud/archives, find the book, then download it.
"
I just got an iPad Air. I would like to copy my library from the Kindle unit to the iPad unit. How do I do that?
Double post, see your earlier one.
My Kindle changed my Angry Birds Rio to a new kind. I want the old one back. Why would it do this without me requesting it.
"Hello Lynda, app updates are controlled by the application developer. I'd suggest reaching out to them to see if they're able to get you the previous version again.

You can reach them via this link: http://www.rovio.com/en/about-us/contact.

I hope this helps!"
Every time I order something that shows the prime on it, it still takes 5 days to get. What happened to Free Two Day Shipping with prime.
Also, keep in mind that if you're not in the contiguous 48 states or if you're shipping to a PO box you don't get the two-day shipping.
they sent me 2 chairs and wont take back 1 unless i pay restocking they are robbing me
Okay. Unless something was wrong with the chairs I'm not seeing the issue here.
Whats the heartbleed virus?
Have you tried the Google? It's quite handy for questions like this.
I have a $25 gift card balance in my account but when I try to order something it charges my credit card instead of my gift card. I've been trying to get help on this for an hour. Is there any way to talk to a person?!!!
Look over on the right. See thar big orange contact us button? Click on that.
If you are trying to place an order for an object and not digital, before submitting order look towards top and pick another form of payment. The default will always come up first, but you can choose which payment to use before submitting the order. Also, if you are using 1-click purchasing, that is what it is. Try not to use 1-click to order (doesn't work for kindle downloads, movie/TV show downloads, etc.).
Also keep in mind you can't buy some things with a gift card balance - other gift cards and magazine subscriptions, for example.
Why when I choose the "contact us" feature anywhere on the site, do I get a page with no way to contact? Is that area off line now?
"Don't know ... maybe a browser issue? At any rate .......

Top right of this board, under Top 5 Questions: How Do I Contact Customer Service?"
How do I confirm that I want an item.
Thanks. It worked!
Marian, please don't hijack someone else's discussion with a totally unrelated question. Start your own discussion by clicking on the "Ask a New Question" tab below, you'll get much better answers. When you do, be much more specific about what you're trying to do, your current post doesn't have enough information for us to help.
I need Amazon phone number
There are "Help" links at the top and bottom of every Amazon page, a "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page, and a "How do I contact Customer Service?" link on the right side of this page.
I wanted neurosciencen kindle e-book, but I am in Korea,I cannot use kindle . If I have ipad , can I use this book?
Download the Kindle app for iPad from the app store.
My order shipped emails have not been including the tracking numbers in them. Has there been a policy change at amazon not to include the tracking numbers in email anymore? This was useful because these would be picked up buy google now and let my track my packages from my phone.
"I checked my e-mail and see a tracking number for an order I'm getting tomorrow. It was located under the shipping address in really tiny print.

Let me know if you find them!"
Keep getting popups on your site from WAJAM how can I stop these popups
On what device? If it's on a PC, you have malware on your computer and need to run a scan to remove it. If it's on a Kindle, pop-ups are generally caused by free apps, so you need to delete the app that's causing the pop-up.
"Thanks, it was on my PC, 
For some unknown reason that program was downloaded on my PC. 
I removed it."
How did you find it and remove it?
"Completely fed up with your service and lack of customer support!!!  How is it a company of your size markets that it can support the Apple products yet can not deliver the network sustainability to run those products?!  I switched over from Droid to the Iphone5 and then pestered the Apple store so much that they gave me a new phone only to find out that it wasn't their product - it is YOUR service!  After several calls and emails - still no resolution or end in site.  Resetting my network connections and/or powering off the phone does not seem like standard operating procedures just so I can hook to the network and get an email.  I would have NEVER renewed my contract in September if I knew of these issues.  I think I may start paying you guys in pennies every other month via the post office and never for the right amount. Not sure where to go at this point other than the BBB or any blog or news outlet that will listen.
"
I am definitely sorry to hear that you are having an issue with your service. Can I have your zip code so I can take a look at your area? You can also included any cross streets to help me better assest your coverage.
"08087 (Mathistown Rd) but I work in this zip 08016 which I am experiencing the same issues (Rte 130)

"
Mines too . I was told that the IOS 6 is not capable with sprint service . Sprint want tell you or me the truth. The iPhone 5 is way ahead of sprint !!! Sprint can't handle the power that this phone has or it's system ! Don't feel bad I hated to have been told so by one of there own reps. I've been having problems since September 21, 2012 .
"I reviewed the zip codes you provided me. In zip code 08087 there was extensive flood damage due to hurricane Sandy. One of the site's servicing that area was destroyed and will need to be rebuilt. Appropriate repairs are in progress. In zip code 08016, I don't really see any outages in the area. There are some capacity augments scheduled. You can see all improvements here http://bit.ly/MqSqtj. Thank you very much for your patience in regards to this matter,

"
"I can check coverage in your area too, and see what is going on. Do you want to provide me your zipcode so I can do that for you?Thank you,
"
i too am having terrible problems with my iphone 5 and they keep giving me the run around. they activated my old htc evo just so i would stop dropping calls and now i can get internet. they also said that thanksgiving was part of my 14 day trial period and wouldn't take the phone back on the 15th day. rediculous. i have a new iphone in box and cannot use and am currently using my old 2 year old evo and what am i to do now???? i guess suck it up and eat the 300.00 dollars i spent on the iphone that i cannot use on sprint network. freakn sucks that a company won't own up to thier problems. i even had a supervisor tell me that thier network won't support the iphone either. help me sprint before i call the BBB in columbus ohio about your sucky company. btw i live in zip code 43031 and work in 43227 and cannot recieve or make calls for 5 miles on route 62 in licking county on the way home, but on my evo today after REACTIVATING IT i had NO PROBLEMS. YOU TELL ME THAT IT IS A DEVICE PROBLEM???? YEAH RIGHT SPRINT.. IT IS A NETWORK PROBLEM WITH THE IPHONE.
I own the iphone 5, I've had no issues like you've have stated above or with the network. So it could very well be a phone issue. Sorry to hear what your going through though. I say this because ive owned the Evo and obviously the Iphone 5 now and i can tell you when i visit my dad's which is an area where there is less reception signal strength. My Iphone 5 gets better reception than any of my previous phones, which they didnt get any or 1 bar if i was lucky. Where my Iphone 5 i could get like 2 or 3 bars at least in the same area, text and call with no problems and no drops calls. Thier has been some known issues, like recently i seen were verizon, at&t, sprint where having issues with the iphone w/ data usage. where verizon just recently sent an update to fix it.( http:/(http://appleinsider.com/articles/12/10/01/bug-causing-iphone-5s-to-use-cellular-data-while-on-wi-fi-may-not-be-limited-to-verizon)
"Thank you for using the Sprint Community to voice your questions and concerns.  I'll be glad to assist you any way that I can.  If you are experiencing issues making and receiving calls on your Evo after swapping back to it, we may need to look into the area or to confirm that programming has gone through successfully.  What happens when you try to update your profile?  To to so, Go to Settings>System Update>Update Profile.  If it's successful, try to make a call.  If it's unsuccessful, I'll need to know the error message that you receive in order to make a further recommendation.  Also, if you can provide a cross street to your problem locations, this will allow me to review your areas as well.
"
I have had a lot of issues with sprint. When it came time for my contract renewal I told the sprint costumer service that I wanted to cancel because I can't use any cellular data on iPhone while I am on the phone with anyone. The lady lied to me and told me that now with the 4g/ LTE that sprint has I could use cellular data on the phone with their network. What a huge load of **** that was. I hardly get LTE coverage anywhere my service sucks horribly  I'm a regional/ OTR truck driver and I can barely sustain a call up and down I70 in Colorado and I STILL CANT USE DATA WHILE IM ON THE PHONE WITH DISPATCH!! That was my #1 issue with sprint and they lied to me to keep me on the contract. I doubt they will let me cancel my contract so I can switch to a better service provider that actually supports the iPhone 5s without paying for the cancelation fee even after being lied too. I will NEVER consider sprint again.
Good morning and thanks so much for your feedback. We're still very much working on building out our 4G LTE network and coverage will get better with time. Being that you're a truck driver, coverage may vary depending upon where you drive through, as we can't guarantee coverage everywhere. Can you provide me with your zipcode and cross streets to where you receive 4G coverage? I would be glad to see what's going on within that area. Lastly, we do offer a 14 day satisfaction guarantee. If for some reason you're unhappy with your services, you do have the option to return your device and have your contract reverted to what it was prior to upgrading your handset. 
"If i purchase an iPhone 4s pre owned through the sprint website, does it come with the charger and head phones?
"
Thank you for posting on our community forum and for your inquiry. Yes it does bring them if purchased through our sprint website.
Is there a way to have all messages sent to the iphone message app ? Like gmail, texts, fb twitter ect so there all in one place ? Thanks for any help with this !    
Thanks for reaching out to us. Currently there is not a way for them to all migrate to within the app. With that said, the majority of the messages would be within the notification center when received and the application they come from can be easily accessed through tapping on the message in the notification center. Thanks!
I have noticed for the past few weeks that if I request to have my usage information texted to my phone, I no longer receive it. Did something change?  This was a free text showing how many minutes I had left.
Let's see what is going on. If you could click my social care picture it will take you to our page there will be a link that says Private Message if you could send us a message including your account name, number and pin or answer to security question a long with what is going on. A rep should get back to you within 24-48 business hours. I hope we can get this resolved for you!
When I hook up my Galaxy S3 usb cable to my windows 7 pc, my pc doesn't recognize it. I spoke to Samsung and they said to download driver software. I googled and downloaded the correct drivers but my S3 can't open the file, so I deleted it. Can anyone help me get the correct drivers? Or is there anything else I can do to get the usb connection to work? My sister has an S3 also and my computer connects to hers with no problem. She is on T-Mobile network.
"Thank you for reaching out to us! I’m sorry you are having an issue with your S3. I’d like to help. In order for it to connect you have to make sure the Samsung drivers are installed. Try this: Power off your phone. Power on the phone in Download mode. (Volume Down + Home + Power, all at once) Press Volume Up to continue Once it's in Download mode, plug it into your computer. Windows should see it and load the driver. Once this is complete, unplug the phone from the computer, and pull the battery out of the phone to get out of Download mode. Replace the battery, and power on the phone like normal. It should connect to the computer. Please keep me posted!



"
This did not work for me! Help please
i'm having this same problem I have been trying to power up the phone into download mode but it's not working i've been trying to get into download mode for the past 30 mins. I just want to import my pics and music onto my laptop!!!!....my USB cord used to work then it magically stopped it's brand new i dont know what the problem is
"You try this tip? I got my Samsung Galaxy S3 to work via USB with this great trick! 1. Unplug the USB cable 2. On the cell phone, dial the following number: *#7284# Once the last # is hit, the PhoneUtil application is launched. Choose USB -> Modem and then USB -> PDA mode. The good mode should be PDA. Even if the mode is PDA, switch to Modem and then back to PDA.3. Plug the USB cable.






"
im having same problem and nothing works
Here's what you need to do: Open dialer Dial ##3424# Qualcomm USB Setting Select MTP = ADB OK and Home button. Hope this helps 
When will a Sprint version be available?
Man, I love the Note line of products! We don't have an announcement for it yet, but keep checking back to sprint.com/newsroom.  We'll break the story there first.
"Am I missing something? Are they going from Note2 to Note8? or is it because it might be with 8 core processor? Any links or info about this>?? please...
"
Staples has the Note 8 in stock.  But checking with them, they said it doen't have the phone feature. Hmmmm.   Will that be another release/version?  Samsungs announcement http://www.samsung.com/us/mobile/galaxy-tab/GT-N5110ZWYXAR?marsLinkCategory=mphone:tablet&MKM_RID=0115829966&MKM_MID=3764545&CID=eml-mb-tb-0413-300
Wow, talk about a version jump.
It's a fantastic 8" tablet and I cannot wait till one comes out that we can drive with our high speed LTE network.  Unfortunately, the current Note 8 only has a chipset that supports the ATT LTE frequencies.  I have no clue when or if a version will be out that supports EVDO / Sprint LTE.  I sure hope one does; I'm completely sold on this tablet.  Perfect form factor, great pen support.
I agree. I just found out about the samsung galaxy note 8. Would love to see it on the Sprint network
how do I suspend or termporarily turn off a line?
"Thanks for the post. You do have the availability to temporarily suspend the service on a line. This is called seasonal standby. You can call in to have this activated on your account. Please let me know if you have any specific questions that I can look into. Thanks!
"
im looking to suspend 2 lines on my account. will the phone numbers be able to be removed or transported to a different phone company without my consent
"Thank you for reaching out to us. If the user has access to your security PIN on the account they will still be able to port out the number, even if suspended. The essentials needed to complete a port with any provided would be the phone number, account number, and security PIN. If the user has this information, we cannot prohibit them from porting out the number.Should you have any further questions or concerns, please let us know.

"
"How do I find out what my Sprint email address is? I would love to get rid of Google.
Please help!
"
Thanks for your post. Can you clarify the email address you're looking for? We do not provide email services, so I want to make sure I'm giving you the most accurate information possible. Thanks!
"Go to: Setting, More, About device, Status, Username, (scroll down and you'll see your Sprint email address starting most of the time with your first.lastname@sprintpcs.com just below ""Username""). Hope this was helpful.
"
Thanks for sharing the information. 
I feel as if my son is up to no good.. is there any way I can have his text messages directly sent to my phone or email? Or can I view them somehow even after he deletes them off his phone?
I feel for you concon101. I have a son too. Unfortunately, We have no way of routing the text or viewing the text messages. There are some Third party application you can use. We can only restrict his text messaging. I'm sorry. Wish we could do more.
 I have been with SPRINT May 2011 and they only wanted the business that I opened the account with 2 cell phones only to find out that they had been working on the towers in my area since January 2011, this is January of 2014 and they are still working on the towers, smhhh!!................I have been much more than patient with SPRINT. I have taken 1 line away and I am very pleased with the service of that company. I live in a different town than my mother who is 81 and that is the reason I have put up with SPRINT'S poor service, stupid customer reps, dropped calls. Today I asked them how much will it be for me to get out of my contract and I was quoted $100 and I have 3 more month............................boo boo the fool is not written across my forehead. I decided is blog about the lack of service and seek others who have had the same encounters........................SPRINT YOU ASKED FOR IT, HERE IT COMES.
I had the same problem where I used to live and talking about drop calls they were off the hook had to stand outside in a certain erea n still had problems so bad I wanted to cancel the plan.They know how many dropped calls u have but the customer rep  didn't want to here ****!!!talk about customer service!!! I had to bite the bullet,then they told me about a $150 up-grade for a preferred customer and I been with them for quite a while and come to find out a new customer gets the same deal so I said you aren't given me anything what deal!!at tht pnt ready to reach through the phone if I could!!! HEARD A LOT OF NEG. RESPONSE 
We don't want to see you go. I know how frustrating it can be to have spotty service, where are you located? I want to take a look and see what is going on exactly. 
I have noticed for the past few weeks that if I request to have my usage information texted to my phone, I no longer receive it. Did something change?  This was a free text showing how many minutes I had left.
Let's see what is going on. If you could click my social care picture it will take you to our page there will be a link that says Private Message if you could send us a message including your account name, number and pin or answer to security question a long with what is going on. A rep should get back to you within 24-48 business hours. I hope we can get this resolved for you!
"I recently bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab (not carrier branded) that I would like to have data access outside of my home network. I just have a few questions: 1) I don't see myself needing 1GB of data for the tablet itself, since my phone with unlimited data will be more than sufficient. Does Sprint offer a hotspot plan less than the current $10 for 1GB plan? Maybe some kind of pay for usage feature? 2) If not, is there any way to enable my non carrier branded Tab to use Sprint's services? There is no space for a sim card as there is on my girlfriend's Sprint Galaxy Tab 3.

"
Thanks for the question. I can answer this for you. From the info that I was able to find The $10 1MB plan is the cheapest that we offer at the moment and I was unable to find a pay as you go data option. Also if the tab is not Sprint branded we would not be able to activate it on our network.
Hello, I've had my direct connect number for a while now and recently I was doing an ESN swap on another line on my account. Well, the customer service rep (CSR) started doing the swap on the wrong (my) line. After my phone was re-activated and I had ended my chat session with the CSR, the direct connect on my admiral was not working. I immediatly tried starting a new chat session but I was told that it was too late in the evening and I would have to try again the next day. The next day came bye and I was able to have my direct connect re-activated. However, I noticed that my direct connect number was missing. So I had to start another session to get that number back and I was told that I still have it, even though it wasn't showing up on other people's phones whenever I used direct connect. So then I called Sprint and they said they added the number to my admiral again. Well, during this Holiday season I've used the direct connect to call relatives in Mexico and they all asked what happened to my direct connect number? So how do I really get my number back? Help please!
Happy to help you retrieve your direct connect number. To investigate your issue further, please send me a private message with your Sprint phone number, account PIN or the answer to your security question, and the link to this conversation. Thanks!
 "So i have been lifting for about three months now, this is how my body looks (in the attachments)
I haven't been following a diet, mainly eat whatever i want to eat whenever i want to eat.
Can someone estimate my body fat %? and how should i go about creating a diet?"
When bulking you want to put on quality mass and minimize fat so count your calories using myfitnesspal and make sure you are eating at a 500 calorie surplus to gain .5 - 1lb per week max. Make sure you are lifting heavy in the 6-8 rep range and utilizing the big compound movements. Track your weight weekly and adjust calories when necessary.
So recently I decided I needed to start working out. About 3 or 4 weeks ago I began lifting and running. My routine for lifting is usually 3x15 deadlifts, 3x10 bench, 3x10 squats, then I do about 3x6/7 pullups, I also probably run about 5 miles a week. I just want to know if I'm going in the right direction. I feel like I've made some progress, but at the same time I don't. What do you guys think I should do to lost the love handles and get more in shape?
The workout routine is solid, just your doing pretty high reps for deadlift(15) try lowering the reps and increasing the weight, more muscle faster!
"I weight lift from 1 hour and 30 minutes to 2 hours a day depending on what group of muscle I am working on
and only 20 minutes of cardio.
I dropped every junk food besides soda, My main diet is like turkey sandwhich, or egg with bread, sometimes steak or chicken and rice
cashews, milk, peanuts as snacks.
I have been loosing a little weight, but getting stronger, but not being a professional, I am not sure how it works as I hear it is impossible to gain muscle and loose fat at the same time."
"Track your calories and macros and see what you are ACTUALLY consuming. ...it will shock you

You wont get cut until you know exactly what you eat and need 

Is the turkey sandwich lunch meat? If so....lose it and use REAL TURKEY

Soda has a ton of sugar & calories, id say drop it"
The 225-250 calories you're consuming could literally be the catalyst needed for you to really start losing weight. Some people stall and need to drop a few hundred more calories/day to get back into consistently losing their weight. Like the above poster said, track your macros/calories and see what you're REALLY consuming on a daily basis.
I think you'd be surprised at the improvements that would come with substituting that can and a half of soda with something else without all the high fructose corn syrup/sugar. Un-sweetened iced tea is what I switched to and it's fantastic. No calories, tastes good, and has other antioxidant benefits depending on the type and quality of the tea. After you're off the soda for a while, it won't even be appealing to you anymore. Good luck!
"Hey guys - I have read many posts and articles on the topic, and I understand the concept, but I have one question which I can't seem to find an answer to:

Assume:
1. someone has body fat to burn
3. he is lifting weights on a good sound bodybuilding program
4. his protein is adequate for growth

here's the question: if he consumed a deficit (assume -500 calories, yet kept his protein high), why wouldn't the body use the available fat stores to compensate for the calorie deficit (in effect netting out at maintenance), and in turn RETAIN his lean body mass? Again, assume there was proper wieght training and protein intake. 
I am not trying to dispute science, I just want to understand it better. Thanks!"
"My experience is that you can retain your lean body mass if you pay strict attention to your nutritional intake. The thing I would propse is that while you have to hit your protein macros, the key is where the other calories come from. What has worked for me is making sure you consume good healthy fats like avocado and coconut oil, in a carb cycling template.

Ray"
There are a lot of variables that affect your ability to retain lean body mass while dropping bodyfat so anything I can offer up is an oversimplification. A good diet with enough protein and nutrients is great and so is continuing to train as heavy as you can. I would add that during your time in a caloric deficit is NOT the time to start increasing your volume or training frequency. This means you shouldn't add sets and train more often. My reasoning for this is that you are less able to recover from your training than you would be if you had a caloric surplus. Adding some cardio is ok in moderation but overdoing that will take you down the same road as more sets and frequency will with the weights. If you can hold onto your strength in the gym then you'll hold on to muscle. If you're losing strength in the gym, not just on a bad day but overall, then you're probably losing some muscle. 
The most important thing you can do to retain muscle while cutting is to continue to train heavy. A lot of people make the mistake of lightening up their weights.
If your eating a gram per lb of protein, .5 gram per lb fat, and fill in with good carbs veggies etc and lift heavy I doubt you will lose much if any LBM on a sensible deficit. I eat a bit more protein on a higher deficit just because it tends to make me less hungry. I think it takes more work for the body to catabolize and use muscle for energy when fat is available. However if stop lifting heavy that muscle will start to break down on its own and will be used as much as possible to make up the deficit.
"Is it okay to workout when muscles are still sore from training? I was told by a friend that I should wait until the soreness is gone before I work out that muscle again.

My shoulder is sore from chest day and probably from back day too. I was wondering when it comes to shoulder day at the end of the week will it be fine to workout?"
"wait at least 48 hours and you should be OK if u dont go too hard
in a couple weeks that feeling will mostly go away"
"wait at least 48 hours and you should be OK if u dont go too hard
in a couple weeks that feeling will mostly go away"
"Soreness is lack of recovery. Make sure you are getting enough protein & sleep, water. Foam rolling and stretching can help. If it becomes chronic you may have to add more rest time between workouts on that muscle, or switch up programming.

If you are new to lifting (I see your account is new) it will probably pass. If you're anything like me, if I haven't worked out even in a week or so, I get really sore after my first few workouts back."
"Hi Everyone,

New to lifting (10 months) and wondered if anyone could offer any advice.

I've been working with a PT and trying to train 3 - 5 times a week with one session as PT. I've noticed some great gains so far but have a problem. My traps seem to be developing however I have one which is 'longer' than the other? I also think that one shoulder could be sitting higher too.

I lift the same weight on both arms / shoulders etc. and use a mixture of fixed machines, dumb bells etc.

I was thinking of using a heavier weight on one side but PT advises against this.

I wondered if anyone could offer any suggestions as to what I might be doing wrong and if anyone could offer any advice on the best exercises / advice.

Like I said new to this so any help would be appreciated.

Thanks"
Could be genetic just how that muscle is shaped or the insertion point. I had a buddy who was missing a part of his trap, he got pretty big and the other muscles compensated for the missing part. You may be able to spot develope it to some degree but if your not planning to go on stage I would just lift heavy and keep the weight the same bi-laterally. You might want to see an ortho MD if it casues you issues.
I'm 37 years old and have been lifting for a few years. I've grown accustomed to spending 10-15 minutes in the Sauna after an intense workout. My primary goal is muscle growth. I need to know if I'm hurting muscle growth by entering the sauna after my workout.
"The argument against a sauna directly after a workout would be along these lines. If you did a good hard workout you caused muscle damage. In general youd want to cool down, rather than further heat up, those damaged muscles. Thats why you put ice on an sprain directly afterwards...you only put heat on it maybe the next day etc.

Personally id guess the ultimate would be a good cold shower right after the workout. The sauna would be perfect on non workout days.

As usual, opinions differ and so do other factors. It could be that the sauna right after a workout helps promote blood flow and healing in the muscles you worked yesterday etc"
"Hello,

I did a Lipid profile test today and the results were not good.... Cholestrol has crept in and the levels are high. I am 35 and consume ON Gold Standard 100% whey daily. I have started ON Fish Oil tabs too to curb the cholestrol levels. I dont really eat much of cheese, butter and oily stuff.

anything that you folks can recommend? ( please note that i take 2 scoops of ON Whey daily - is that an issue?)"
"Considering that blood cholesterol levels are controlled more by an individual's genetics than any other factor, your best source of information on how to proceed will be from your doc.

The protein powder is a non-issue here, OP."
Diet changes typically only affect cholesterol levels by 5-10% for most people. As ironwill stated, discus with your Dr where you go from here. Still, if it's bothering you so much why don't you just switch to a whey protein with 0g of cholesterol?
"Here is what you can do to control your cholesterol levels (as others said, the rest is genetics)

1. monounsaturated fat (ex. olive oil): increases good choletrol (HDL), decreases bad cholesterol (LDL)
2. polyunsaturated fat (ex. walnuts, almonds, other nuts): reduces cholesterol
3. soluble fiber (ex. oatmeal, oat bran): reduces cholesterol, especially LDL
4. apple skins: reduces cholesterol, especially LDL
5. Omega 3 (fatty fish, flax seed), reduces cholesterol
6. red wine (contains antioxidant resveratrol which may increase HDL and lower LDL)
7. avoid saturated fat and trans fats: these increase cholesterol (these types of fat have much more effect on serum cholesterol than cholesterol in food)"
"if you cannot build muscle on a calorie defecit...do your muscles actually repair the micro tears in your muscle by weight training on a cut..?

do they go unrepaired until a bulk..? even thou protein is kept high..?"
"OP, I actually wondered this myself and I'm curious the science behind it. Technically you are contributing to a negative nitrogen balance while lifting. What's to stop your body from taking those broken down proteins and using them for needed energy? 

But anecdotally, we clearly see people can maintain almost all LBM on a ""smart"" deficit. So the body must be just recycling itself. And I'd figure better genetics for recycling equals more kept gainz."
"Does an abrasion heal during a cut?

Yes they rebuild micro tears on a cut, but there is not enough calories to maintain your weight so you really won't build any new muscle unless you are very high in fat."
"My bicep tendons have been hurting. About 3 weeks ago I went from a PPLx2 to a PPL with break days, and dropped or modified the exercises that were the biggest offenders. Curls, rows.

Pain continued until about a week ago when I realized that putting plates on the bar may be what is causing the problem. You've got a 45 or 35# plate that you lift up and twist around to line up with the bar, many times each workout. 

Now that I've been very careful with the plates, the pain has nearly disappeared.

Just something to think about, maybe it will help someone."
you should not/not be injuring yourself loading small weights like 45 pounds. Tendonitis takes time to recover, cutting back on your pulling exercises give your body enough of a break to heal, not changing very minor loads to the system.
you should not/not be injuring yourself loading small weights like 45 pounds. Tendonitis takes time to recover, cutting back on your pulling exercises give your body enough of a break to heal, not changing very minor loads to the system.
Does it affect upper body workouts? Focus on the upper body, when I sprained my shoulder I focused on legs, squats 3 days a week for a month, lost a bit of strength in my upper body, but it comes back.
"All upper body. and you might be able to do leg extensions and leg curls on the machine? 
You could circuit train upper body lots of sets and reps....almost like a cardio routine.
Just..............stay off that foot and good luck."
"After a year of doing Layne Norton's Phat program, I would like a change. I have been having joint issues. I am really looking at a 5x5 program.

I know there slight variations on these programs, what is your preference for your 5x5 program? Also should I could consider doing an accessory day? I was thinking arms/calves/abs on the weekend.

Also I am on a cut, so will this be an issue?"
StrongLifts. Do not add accessory. Given your stats should be fine on a cut as long as you keep it to deficit of 500 kcal or less.
Yes. You picked a bad time to change routines. Ususally, the best routine for a cut is the same one you used to build the muscle in the first place.
"I've always minimized energy expenditure and maximized load during cuts, really the key is maintaining your strength. I've never been able to put on strength during cuts - the best I've ever done is to keep what I had before the cut. I'm of the ""a calorie deficit is a deficit, avoid deficit spending"" school of thought.

I'd minimize the routine to heavy focus on the big 4 basic compounds, bench, military, squat deadlift. Maybe throw in some cleans and chin-ups for a nice all-round sculpt. A three day a week, reverse pyramid or simply 5x5 of the big 4.

Example:

Monday: Deadlift 5x5 (submaximal for 4 sets, maximal for the last one) and Reverse Pyramid Chins (maximal 1st set, submaximal/assisted for the rest to one before failure)
Wednesday: Bench 5x5 and Military 5x5
Friday: Squat 5x5 and 5x3 on a clean movement (powerclean, snatch)

It doesn't seem like much, but if done right it will keep your muscle while you lose weight, of course you'd tweak it to suit your needs - a reverse pyramid style reduce EE even further. Just depends on how big your deficit is. Just my two cents, the rest of the suggestions seem sound as well. I wouldn't do a ""gain"" routine on a cut though. On a gain you have the caloric excess to support tons of lifts, on a deficit you usually end up burning muscle by trying to do too much without the proper energy resources."
"Hi I am a 44 year old lifter.
I am getting pain in my shoulders when I do manual work. Pulling and pushing heavy weights. 
I do lots of pressing exercise in the gym(chest, shoulder) but have neglected my rear deltoids. When I look at my profile my front delts are bigger than my rear delts, not a lot but it is noticeable.
I do not get pain in the gym as I am very careful of form and do not over strain by using TOO much weight. The pain comes after a hard days work. Work that should be getting easier as I get stronger. The pain is not bad but it is slowly getting worse.

The pain is noticeable when I lift my arm to shoulder height and move it backwards. I get pain in both shoulders but only slightly in one and much more in my left. 

Can any wise members here give me some tips on addressing this imbalance.

regards

The Crock"
I am almost 41 and experience this recently for the first time in my life. You either have a mild case of bursitis or a slight tear in your cuff, more likely the former. Ice and don't sleep on it. It just takes time. I also took a week off of lifting when I first noticed the pain for proper healing, then came back slowly
I've added 20 rep light resistance band pull-aparts between all presssing movements and it has helped a lot in short time. Focus hard on using rear delts and scapula retraction versus using arms to pull.
"RC exercises are a goood place to start, but start out easy with what seems like ridiculously low weights of 3-5 lbs.

For me, what helped was going to incline bench, doing about 60% pull exercises as well. I'm just starting back with OH press after 2 years off them. Work the rear delts and your lats. I was told I had an over-balance to the front myself. Rows are a great exercise. Like anything that goes with an injury, start out easy, pay attention to form and you'll be on the road to recovery.

Rob"
"Hello all - I have been reading a lot about doing cable crossovers with the low handles for upper chest. Has anybody done these and had good results?

Thanks!"
I'm not a fan. Very tough to keep the front delts out IMO. Most of the guys I see doing them use way too much weight and are getting very little upper chest stimulation.
I do like the cable flyes, but you do need focus. It's very, very easy to end up using the front delts a whole lot more than your chest, just as OutOfStep mentioned. Cable flyes are more a 'finishing' movement I guess. But if you do them right, they'll put the burn to you!
I've often done them at the end of a chest workout, so as to avoid the temptation of using too much weight early on in the workout. For upper chest, I start with the cables low or medium, and raise up to a finishing position at shoulder level. Light weights to avoid too much shoulder action, fairly high reps (12-15).
Used to do them frequently but I feel an incline press works better. If you have low weight w high reps, it will give you a good burn. However when weight gets heavy in that position it very hard to hold proper form (for me)
"Over the last few weeks, I've been going through this thing where I feel horribly, disgustingly bloated almost every time I eat. Additionally, I don't really have much of an appetite and feel like I'm forcing food down. I haven't lost any strength, I'm sleeping fine, and I'm not experiencing any real stress- quite the opposite. Haven't made any significant dietary changes or changes in medication.

Before anybody suggests that I talk to my doctor (I'll be going to see him again in the not to distant future, overdue for my 2 month check in for my Type II diabetes), just wanted to see if anybody around my age (50 in June) has experienced anything similar and what you might have done about it. As it is, I'm going to start off by making some significant reductions in gluten consumption, as I read you can develop Celiac's later in life. Any idea anybody else has would be helpful for the interim until my doctor and I determine whether or not we should get any kind of blood workup for this."
"Over the last few weeks, I've been going through this thing where I feel horribly, disgustingly bloated almost every time I eat. Additionally, I don't really have much of an appetite and feel like I'm forcing food down. I haven't lost any strength, I'm sleeping fine, and I'm not experiencing any real stress- quite the opposite. Haven't made any significant dietary changes or changes in medication.

Before anybody suggests that I talk to my doctor (I'll be going to see him again in the not to distant future, overdue for my 2 month check in for my Type II diabetes), just wanted to see if anybody around my age (50 in June) has experienced anything similar and what you might have done about it. As it is, I'm going to start off by making some significant reductions in gluten consumption, as I read you can develop Celiac's later in life. Any idea anybody else has would be helpful for the interim until my doctor and I determine whether or not we should get any kind of blood workup for this."
"For the first time last night I used the trap bar for my DL sets I was SS'n with my box squats. They seemed a heck of a lot easier to do for quick reps than using the usual olympic bar. I assume part of this is due to the handles being higher and thus feeling like its a much shorter distance to pull. Also I noticed my quads felt let they were engaged a lot more than my back. 

Do you guys supplement with the trap bar from time to time or strictly use olympic bar? also do most of you do regular deads vs sumo?"
trap bar deads are a good supplement to squats. you can't really compare them to regular deadlifts though. I use them every once in awhile on squat days. they are really good at teaching one to push your feet through the floor to start the lift.
I am having the exact same problem. The PS4 just keeps trying to eject a disk that isn't there every 8 secs. and it won't accept any disks. The only time it will suck a disk in is if I put it in when the system is off but it quickly ejects it and won't let it go back in.
"Title: BF4
Intalling other game data, Yes.
No i didnt see notifications
None yet. as this is only a one time thing so far."
Out of curiosity, is it happening when the PS4 is switching from standby mode to powering off after a certain amount of time? Just throwing ideas out there..
What about when the USB keeps saying it can't be found?!
"What title were you trying to eject?
I was not trying to eject any disk. I was playing multiplayer Battlefield 4, while streaming on Twich.tv when the disk suddenly ejected, and continues to eject every 15 seconds or so even with no disk in the drive.

Were you installing any game data at the time?
No

Did you see any game or system notifications beforehand (Ready to install notifications, error messages, etc.)?
No

What troubleshooting steps did you attempt?
Reinstalling Battlefield 4, booting down my PS4, starting it up again.

While it functions the PS4 is an awesome gaming device, after these bugs are killed I'll be a happy camper!"
mine does the same thing but it wont even let me play a game. Anyone know of a fix?
hmm add me to this list...I can't insert a disc into the drive at all...but I'm going to try it with upright and boot into safe mode....
I have the same problem, I hope sony fix this in the next update
my PS4 autoejects every game i try to put in there. and sometimes the ps4 sounds like its trying to eject even if there isnt any disc in the tray and if it does accept it, i play for a few minutes and then it ejects the game. and this is accompanied by beeping... a lot of beeping. it drives me nuts.
"Mine is also contuinually trying to eject a game that is not in there.
I played for about 7 hours or so last night with zero problems. I shut it off by pressing the ps button and shutting it off that way. When i turned it on this morning it said that I had turned it off incorrectly and now I am having this problem."
I had the same issue as well. Went through, played some AC4 just fine, played some COD just fine, lasted basically all day. Took out COD from the disc tray, and tried to load Battlefield, and it made a weird noise and the disc stayed on "loading". Tried to enject it, but it wouldn't eject. Turned the system off, and it ejected my disc then. I turned the device back on and it started trying to continuously eject a disc from the device, even though there was no disc in the system. After some time, it started making an even weirder noise, as if something was lose within the system itself. I haven't touched it since and will be calling Sony tomorrow morning to get this resolved.
"Based on the above solution, I too was also able to stop the disc drive from attempting to eject a disk that wasnt there.
 
Original Problem:
 
I inserted Battlefield 4 and was about 5 minutes into the single-player campaign. At this same time, PS4 was installing the rest of the game in the background. The game suddenly crashed back to the Dynamic Main Menu (Home) and the disc was automatically ejected. A few beeps then came from the PS4. PS4 then repeatedly, in about 10 second intervals, produced a noise from the disc drive that sounded like it was trying to eject a disc that did not exist in the system. At this time, any attempts to re-insert any PS4 game disk failed - the disc seemed like it was being physically blocked from the entering the disk slot. I attempted to completely power off the PS4 and restart it only to have the same noise continue at the regular interval and me still unable to insert a disk. An attempt to re-initialize the system via Safe Mode yielded no change. During this entire time, the system was lying on it's side (horizontally).
 
The Fix (for me):
 
Completely power off the PS4 for a few hours.
Unplug the power cord from the system. The PS4 beeps 2-3 times repeatedly,  a few seconds apart (a bit weird considering it was no longer recieving power from a cord).
Stand the PS4 vertically.
Plug the power cord back in.
Turn on the PS4.
 
 
The noise has stopped and I have been able to re-initiallize the PS4 with the 1.05 patch. 
I am currently re-setting-up the PS4 and will attempt to play a game off a PS4 disk tomorrow.
 
 
I hope this helps. Please be patient with Sony."
If your ps4 keeps ejecting. This works!!!!. Turn the ps4 off unplug the power chord the turn it upright. Turn the ps4 on and insert the disc now it should work. I played for a bit then turned it off and put the ps4 back horizontally. And It still works. This works for some people hope it helps
had tried calling them and was on hold for 51 minutes no answer, I'm thinking the samething like you beerjeff, might lose me to xbox.
I put in Call of Duty Ghosts and after playing wanted to switch games. The eject button would not eject the disc so I ejected it using the options button then remove disc. Put in Assassin's Creed and thought I would try to eject disc using button to check of it was CoD that was defective. Same thing happens with Assassin's Creed. Can only eject using the options menu, actually eject button does not work. Tried initializing system and reinstall update but doesn't work. Now my Assassins Creed won't eject
Mine is also doing this...I even wiped it and started fresh but it seems to be stuck in some eject cycle...thanks Sony...after 3 consoles you may have just lost me to xbox.
My system wasn't taking discs at all when I first got it (the motor would stop running after about 1/4 of the disc inserted, and it would just sit there).  I tried the vertical orientation trick, and that made inserting discs work normally, even once I put the system back in the horizontal orientation.  However, my drive doesn't actually appear to work.  I never hear it spin up, and I never see any information about the game I inserted on screen.  I've tried this with three different games (Knack, Killzone, NFS) with no luck.
"My system just flat out won't accept discs. When I boot it up, it makes an ejecting sound, even though nothing is in it. 
 
So, I got a $400 netflix machine."
Same issue. Played CoD Ghost Single player for a little bit then realized on I was online. Went to go update Ghost which took over an hour. Went to start up Ghost and PS4 said No Disk Inserted..... Tried everything to get it out and then finally tried the manual eject. Success! But now it won't take any disk
When i switch discs i have to tuen off ps4 wait like 20 minutes then put a new disc in but dvds dont work any help i tried a blu ray and it worked .
"I had the same issue. My battlefield 4 disc just kept spitting out and then even after it was out my system kept trying to spit out a disc. I tried turning my console upright and it worked once until i shut off my ps4 and restarted then it started again. I started into safe mode by holding the power button on the system until it beeps, then i reinstalled the 1.50 update from the menu.  It installed and i didnt lose any of my data on the system itself and success im able to insert my disc and play battlefield 4 again. 
 "
Im having more or less the same problem. It started with me inserting the dice for Battlefield 4 in to the system, at the same time Contrast was being installed from the PSN. It showed the disk reading symbol in the upper right corner of the home screen, all while the disk reader was making a clicking noise. This continued for about 5mins before I tried to eject the disk, the disk did not eject, upon resetting the system the disk ejected. However now if I try to insert a disk into the system, the motor to feed the disk does not engage to feed the disk into the system. Also upon leaving the system turned off and unplugged for 10mins, on start up it makes a sound as if it is still turning to eject a disk and there is nothing inside of it. As well as after it finished starting up again it still does not feed disks into the system.
"I'm having the same issue. Played a litle NBA 2K and the disc wouldn't eject. Finally tried the manual disc removal that was posted on their FAQ so was able to get the disc out. Now I can't insert another disc.
 
I tried the vertical position, tried the re-initializing - nothing. Urge to kill....rising."
Same exact problem. The ps4 just keep spitting out my ps3 version of call of duty ghosts that i upgraded to the ps4 version. Then it wont even let me put the disc in at times, and if it does it either spits it back out immideiatly or after a few mns. Really frustrating me. Also, sometimes it sounds like its trying to push a game disc out and nothing is in it, and it keep beeping.
"Won't read any game, COD, FIFA, or AC.  
 
Blueray is having trouble accepting them once it does it doesn't eject unless i turn the system off.
 
Tried contacting Sony over 2 hours on hold and finally my phone died.... Will try again now I'm at a charger.
 
Huge blow to my excitement!"
"My power cord was loose and this was the first indication I thought my PS4 might be defected. I used PS3's power cord and it worked. I updated the firmware and was able to sign-in to PSN. Watched a few live streams and went to sleep.

I woke up and decided I should finally put a game in my system. Nothing! All I get is a few beep sounds. I'm looking at EternityOfDeath's post and hopes this works for me. I can't even open the disc tray. This is very frustrating, because I took a vacation to play with my PS4. My vacation will be ruined if I can't play anything."
"I tried to insert Battlefield 4 into the drive.  It would not take the disc all the way in, and immediately forced it out.  It has been making the eject noise off and on since.  I have turned it off and restarted it multiple times and the problem persists. 
 
The system update had finished, no updates were in progress.
No game or system notifications  
Turned off and on twice, no luck"
The person above who posted about standing it vertical to get it to accept discs thank you so much i did that and it immediatly took my disk and im playing knack guess i will have to pony up for a vetical holder better than sending it to sony
"My system started the issue shortly after launching battlefield 4. The game crashed, it gave me an error then it ejected the disc. Even after i took the disc it was stuck continually trying to eject as if it were still inside. Putting the system into standby and turning it completely off and unplugging still didnt fix it. BUT i had the system laying FLAT, as soon as i stood it upright it stopped trying to eject immediately and now seems to be working fine as long as it is in the upright position.
 "
I first updated the firmware , then logged with my psn account, I played for 15 to 20 min of killzone, then the game froze. when i went back to playstation menu when i tried to launch game game it was saying "no disk" and was not able to eject the game with eject button on the console, i removed the game manually with the srcew, and now wont accept any disk. I tried to do the reset in safe mode, update firmware etc. and no luck. ps4 wont even try to take the game.
im trying ths now hope youre right bud
"Hey all, I had the same problem with it continously ejecting and I was able to fix it by doing the following:
 
Completely power down PS4. Unplug power, HDMI, and any other cables."
anyone have any luck returning it to gamestop?
It was off and ejected the disc twice and im trying to put it back in, it wont do nothing
It probably still thinks there's one in there
Then why isnt the disc going in?
Your PS4 doesn't like killzone lol
Well its not at my house, its at my store 
Your house is haunted.
I got my ps4 yesterday, didnt have a game so i turned it on did an update on it everything worked fine, next day i went purchased killzone, i played it for a little bit then turned off the ps4, then i sat down to watch some TV then all of the sudden the disc ejects on its own without touching, i said maybe its a little glitch, so i tried putting back the disc in it, it wouldnt go back in it took a couple of tries it finally went in, and i played a little more of killzone, so i did the samething turned it off watched some tv and now the disc is ejecting on its own, is there anyone with this same issue?
Is sending it in Sony's response? If so I'm going to call up gamestop and send this **bleep** back. 
Nothing was installing at the time. No system nofications out of the ordinary (outside of PSN not being up.)
The vertical thing isn't helping. i just have to send it in. It's a little ridiculous. 
Called Sony, after 2hrs and 15min hold time, finally got an actually really friendly and helpful tech. She go everything in order for me to send the console back and receive a new one in less then a week. I called gamestop after I got off the phone and told them the situation. The manager there told me to grab my console and come in. In 15 min I had a new console in hand. And everything works now.
"I was playing COD just fine for about 20 minutes, and then I ejected the disc. Now my system is loud as hell and will not read any other disc I put into the system. I get the icon in the right corner just spinning and spinning and spinning. And sometimes it won't even let me put a disc in.
 
Was on hold with Sony for about an hour and a half before I gave up. Extremely frustrated. Anyone know the deal?"
I'm on hold with Sony now. Been on hold for 38 minutes. 
mine wont even let me put the disc in
Yep I am having the same problem described above. Going to try a couple of things when I get home from work later, I'll keep an eye here and post if I have any success.
Im on and hour an 10 minutes
mine does the same thing but it wont even let me play a game. Anyone know of a fix?
Apparently, Amazon is not THAT interested in customer service/questions. 
I agree with you. I am contemplating canceling my prime membership due to their use of usps.
I'm thinking the obtuse one here is not the Amazon site considering there are FOUR ways to contact them on this page alone
I'm totally with you, James. I've been using Amazon Prime for years but it just got a lot less convenient.
 I certainly understand how this is affecting you, and am submitting your feedback to our Business team.
i'm getting ready to cancel my prime membership also. good riddance.
I have similar issues with schedule availability, so I have all my Amazon packages sent to a local business who has agreed to receive packages for me
Might work for some, but I live in a motor home full-time and travel around the country.
Oh, if I were mobile like that, I'd definitely send to Amazon Locker locations and those Kinko's/FedEx or UPS locations.
They claim there's no way to completely exclude SurePost from my shipping options. This is really very disappointing.
I ordered a product then canceled order 2 hrs later. Why are they shipping after cancellation?
You cannot always cancel an order, particularly orders from third-party sellers.
Are you sure they did not ignore the request on purpose to make bad sale?
There is no defined time period in which you can cancel an order. You should always make up your mind before placing the order.
So, do not purchase online through amazon unless you have read the minds of everyone involved with purchase. I will keep that in mind ,captain obvious.
Amazon has no control of the third-party sellers, who are not suppliers at all but independent businesses.
Did I hurt your feelings or are you having a bad day? Either way, you are not helping the situation with your condescending, poor attitude. 
I'm just explaining the facts. I don't have any personal interest in this at all. You apparently misunderstood and thought you ordered from Amazon.
Thanks for this info. I find myself in this situation again. Filtered prime, actual product NOT prime, coming from china, will have it in 6-8 weeks. 
They do not have any control over suppliers and They like that for plausible deniability. What makes it worse is that their response is arrogant and ridiculous. 
I got on Amazon this morning, and all of my wish lists have disappeared. Has anyone else had this problem? Will they come back or are they gone for good?
I also cannot access my wish lists currently.
Yes, mine have also! All my Kindle books, music, etc. are GONE! I'm going to try to call Amazon.
Same issue here. Links I previously sent to family members for my kids' private wish lists also coming up with an error message.
mine are all gone too. if anyone knows anything, keep us posted!
Were you able to get any information from them? I am experiencing the same issues.
Mine are gone too.
Yes, my wish list has disappeared as well. This is disheartening...i spent a year creating that list!!
Same here. Hope they get them back for us.
Mine's gone too, but I'm not panicking quite yet. I say give it an hour or two. If it's not up by then, I'll begin to worry.
I am curious if Amazon or the State of Florida has informed its citizens that if Amazon does open up shop, then every resident of Florida will have to pay for the enormous Tax breaks Amazon will receive.
all I can do is laugh...don't forget that amazon is also bring jobs to the state of florida
Correct, 248 jobs for millions of dollars in tax breaks and billions of dollars in sales tax. They are laughing at you
don't know what to tell you richard....i live in north dakota and I also have to pay sales tax on order from amazon but I don't wine about it....i just pay it
Of course you are already supposed to be paying sales tax on everything you buy on the internet. The only difference is that Amazon will collect it for the state 
You've hit the nail on the head, Richard. Also, what I'm trying to understand is why I'm being charged Florida sales tax on the products I've ordered plus on the shipping & handling? 
You're paying the sales tax in Florida because Amazon is required to collect it, just as a brick and mortar business is. You're paying the shipping fee for the convenience of having it shipped to your door.
You do know this thread is almost a year old, right?
That wasn't my point.
absolutely. no kiddig amazon. I will probably just go back to shopping walmart.. this tax includes music and video sales thru my kindle??
Does anybody know of a simple way to get rid of duplicate songs in the Cloud Player other than manually going through it?
I'm hoping you get a response to this, as I have the same problem. I have more than 30,000 songs in my collection and as I'm uploading them, I'm seeing hundreds being duplicated.
I am having this same problem. Except mine is a bit more complicated with some albums in different formats and at different bit rates.
I'm having the same problem. Hopefully someone has an answer.
I've done some research and there's really no other or easy way to delete the duplicate songs. It has to be done by selecting all the songs you want to delete and clicking the "Delete" button.
Thanks for the update. I look forward to a fix for what is a really promising music player.
Thanks for the update, that is the first positive news I've heard and thankful that Amazon is taking note.
Thanks Bill, I'm anxious to get this fixed
I have received word that the issue has been fixed! You shouldn't get anymore duplicates when uploading new songs to the Cloud Drive.
I am still having trouble since Sept. 13 with new duplicates being created. I am uploading from an external hard drive, so I have to find the folders to upload.
Renewed Trend Micro Subscription two weeks ago, since then cannot get movies to play on PC. Keep getting error 8109.Anyone else experiencing this problem?
Hello, All, I am increasingly frustrated with Netflix in regard to the condition of discs I receive here in Virginia. I watch movies only a few times a month, but in the past few months I have had 5 or more DVDs that are scratched, gouged, or downright broken. I call and complain, and Netflix is good about sending a new one but that is little consolation when I'm in the final 5 minutes of The Usual Suspects or halfway through some other movie or, just last week, a disc that was literally broken and would not even start to play. I want to tell Netflix just where they can put thier crappy discs, but in my small town we have zero options for movie rentals (except for Redbox, which really isn't an option for me). Enough complaining. The question is: Is anyone else having such problems? What can I do aside from cancelling my subscription, and if I cancel, what is the best option? Is this perhaps a regional problem? I'm ready to call them yet again and complain, but my threats are empty if I have no real options. Any commiseration or ideas are welcome. Cheers, Andy
My movies I watch on Netflix have been pausing... Does this have something to do with Verizon slowing it down until Netflix has to pay them more money? I know they have talking about the issue. Anyone? Thanks!
I'm new so this topic may have been already hashed & re-hashed. Why, as the screen credits roll, at the end of the film, why does Netflix shrink the credits to an illegible size at the upper left corner of the screen? Being that many of us interested in film would like to see the production credits, why would Netflix assume this is unimportant and reduce them to such an unreadable size? I have contacted Netflix support to voice my concerns. Very sympathetic but no change to this on-going dis regard for the film community and its fans. Any one else feeling as I do?
Let me first say I live in Canada but am watching the American version of Netflix. And I apologize if this question has already been asked but I haven't been able to find it. I use my Wii to watch my Netflix on tv and I've noticed recently that when Netflix is loading and I choose which account to watch, it always asks me if I want to install the latest upgrade or skip. I'm nervous about the upgrade because of the fact I'm viewing the American version and am wondering if it will screw up my current setup if I choose to upgrade?
I get the message "we're unable to connect you to Netflix. Please try again or visit www.netflix.com/tvhelp" But I can't find answers there either. Sometimes everything is fine.
One of the most common causes of problems while trying to watch Netflix is weak or intermittent Internet connectivity. Frequent rebuffering or loading, problems starting the Netflix application, or trouble starting playback of a movie or TV show when you're trying to stream on your device generally indicates a slow or interrupted Internet connection.
I am brand new & need more info on how I can get Netflix on my tv. Ok... I have a tv, android & a wii, but no internet (except on my phone) & just went thru divorce & don't have a credit card. Is there any way I can still get Netflix??
I believe the only option to sign up for Netflix is through a credit card. You may want to try contacting them directly.
I've been a Netflix member since Day #1 .. and have never had any problems with the "1-5 Star Rating" segment within any of my DVD Queue features. However .. starting about 2 weeks ago .. the "Red Stars" do not change from Red to Yellow whenever I rate a particular DVD .. unless I "refresh" the page". I even tried the star rating on "3" different PC's (home and at my office) .. and the same problem exists. Has anyone else experienced this annoying problem? Thanks .. have a pleasant day .. Lady Jarhead in Boston
I can not stream netflix on my Hisense smart tv, it worked until I changed internet provider, I had Frontier and now have ATT wireless internet, it work's on my iphone but not on the tv
This is so frustrating it says my netflix account is being used on too many devices, and it kicks me off. This is ridiculous. How can this be rectified?
How many devices are you actually trying to use? Have you given out your account to other people, or other people just in your house with phones, smart tv's, game consoles? There is a limit to 2 at once.
I have a new Samsung Blu-ray player with Netflix option . . . Netflix button on the remote etc. I have a new account and have never been able to get connected to Netflix. My internet connection is good I can stream Amazon movies through the device flawlessly, but I cannot connect to the Netflix site. I get the error message "Cannot connect . . . . Try again. I went to the Netflix TV Help site and did the up - up - down - down . . . . . with the remote to deactivate the app, exit and a restart (numerous times) . . . . still the same. I can stream movies through my laptop but not through the Blu-ray to the TV. The Blu-ray's software is up to date. There is nothing on Samsung's web site about this. Has any experienced this problem and if so was it ever remedied. I need some help or I will have to cancel my subscription to Netflix Thank you
I have had this same issue for months on my Samsung BD-C6900. No remedy yet, no help at netflix, no help at Samsung. Every thing works fine on my bedroom player, a low end Samsung BD-5300. Iwent so far as to reset the high end 6900 to factory defaults to no avail. Of course I then had to reset my audio/video preferences and reactivate Vudu, Hulu+, and Pandora as well. Netflix is the only app with a problem. I have a laptop set up in my entertainment center exclusively for streaming but I'd still prefer to have something I pay for to work properly.
I have an account running on a few different devices. It's working normally on most of them, but not on my laptop. Earlier, I had an issue where it said that I didn't meet system compatibility. (I have Windows 7 Pro, Chrome, and enough RAM and processing power). I tried re-downloading Silverlight, which was suggested on a few websites I checked, and then logged out of my account and logged back in. Now it's telling me that I need to register for my free trial to get to use my account and that the account is inactive. I've had the account for several months and I've been paying on schedule. None of my other devices connected to this account are having the same issue. Has anyone had any similar problems?
Netflix works great on mt TV via Tivo or Wii. It works on my computer and one of my Chinese tablets. It was working great on my other Chinese tablet until a couple of weeks ago. Now it doesn't fire up when the icon is hit. They need to return to where we were. All was well then!
Does anybody know why audio and video in slow motion on Samsung Droid Charge since Jan. 14, 2013? Netflixcustomer support could not help?
We signed up for the month free trial and have not been able to watch a movie with our Apple TV. We have pause after pause and then at some times do not get any sound. What is our problem??
I'm assuming other videos work fine on the Apple TV? If other videos are fine i would start by resetting the apple TV and your modem/router. Also try playing the same movie on your computer to rule out issues with ISP and netflix service.
I'm running across the same issue and thought it was my DSL. I have the highest avail in our area (6MB), previously upgraded from 3MB. On 3 and 6 MB i haven't had any trouble streaming netflix via my desktop or laptop and at both speeds was able to watch 1 episode of a tv show and the 2nd episode never makes it. Can stream from itunes account to apple tv no prob - seems to be a netflix / appletv issue. anyone else having success resolving this?
I have a wireless Smart TV that can run Netflix but am unsure if wireless is the way to go. Will it be good enough tostream Netflix or will run into lots of issues? I don't want to run a cable to my modem to my TV but if it requires that I can start to consider it. Thanks for any information
Hardwired is always the best and most stable route. It never hurts to try the wireless option first though as many, many people have good experiences with it. I, for one, have it running on my Boxee with wireless and have really had no issues.
Best option is always a network cable... if it can easily be done. In my personal opinion wireless is only for things that move(laptops,tablets,mice)... if it never moves plug a cable into it. With that said, there is no reason why you shouldn't be able to get wifi to work. If it doesn't go out of the box all routers let you change which channel they operate on to avoid interference and have more then enough power to cover the average size home. Changing settings is always easier then fishing cable through your walls and less expensive then getting someone to run the cables for you.
I had a friend stay with me for a few days and he used his Netflix account to stream from my laptop on my tv. Prior to his visiting, I used my account only and had no real issues. So I go to watch a movie on my account after his departure and something weird happens. I log on and pick a movie and push play. The screen says it is loading but it takes forever and finally times out. The weird part is that it jumps from my account to my friend's account during this process. I am very frustrated and dont understand why this would happen and dont know how to fix it on my own. Any suggestions will be entertained. Oh, and I cant seem to find a number to call for customer support. Thanks!!
What web browser are you using? You might just have to clear cookies and such. After doing this you will likely have to re-enter passwords for every site you log into the next time you go to them. In IE 9 or firefox use Ctrl+Shift+Del keys to bring up clear history and cookies menu, then tell it to remove everything. Then close program and re-open. If you are using Safari call apple support. Also there is a tech support number on the contact us page of the Canadian netflix site, and I'm sure there is one on the American as well. Just look for "Contact Us" Link at the very bottom of the main page or in the account and help section. It likely won't give you a number right away but on the Canadian page there is another call customer service link that gives you the number and the amount of time you are likely to be on hold if you call right now.
well I'm a new member here and to netflix...I cant get any movies to play. I get a black screen and no sound my computer seem's to be downloading but no movie. I have been talking to the tech's all day and they keep telling me to uninstall and reinstall starlight or clear cookies,so after a dozen times I give up. I stream movies from other site's all the time with no problem's so I am stuck. I've been reading a few post and it looks like this forum is going to be useless also. guess I'm gonna just cancel my account!!! 
whenever i click netflix on my tv,the samething keeps showing up it keep sending me to netflix.com/help guide can someone please help me.
Is netflix currently down? It let me finish watching an episode but now it is just buffering??
Yes we are getting several reports that Netflix is down. No official reports from Netflix but Twitter is lighting up with people with issues. Let's hope they get it resolved soon!
A recent update to my Vizio Blu-ray has also updated the Netflix Menu format. It is unreasonably hard to discern among the boxes and it is much harder to navigate to find info on a particular movie. Can we have the old Netflix format back on our Vizio?
When I found this web site I thought finally, a way to know what's happening with Netflix when the need arises". But unfortunatly the site hasn't worked out that way: While there are many threads, there are few responses, and nowhere is there "news" about Netflix regarding current issue or problems. Can't someone from Netflix let us know when there are know problems with capacity, streaming, and anything else than can impact Netflix users? At least that way we'd know if the problems are on our ends or those of Netflix
I log into Netflix on my PS3. The loading screen looks fine, the home menu on my PS3 looks fine, everything looks fine except for when it actively gets into the program, and then everything is twice as big. How can I fix this?
Seems like some kind of zoom setting. Did it just start happening? Is it possibly a stretch setting ?
we are having trouble viewing the movies. It won't let us scroll through the movies on the Wii console. any suggestions?
How do you get your PS3 refurbished and how long and how much? I hear you can send in your PS3 to best r4i r4i 3ds playstation3 controller get it refurbished. How do you do that, how much does it cost, and how long does it take?
I am thinking about buying the bluray remote for the PS3. Does anyone know if it will control netflix at all?
I haven't used my netflix on my PS3 for some time now. I signed on, did a system update, then was told I needed to do a netflix update. Did all of that. I try to sign in to Netflix and I get an error that says. "we're unable to connect you to netflix. Please try again or visit www.netflix.com/tvhelp for guidance. Went to the web address.. no help there. Any suggestions? I know I can connect to the internet on the PS3, I tried that. So I know my wireless connection is working. Not sure why the netflix will not connect.
I have has Netflix for about 6 months or more and hadn't had a single problem with it up until 3 days ago. Sometimes it will act like it's trying to come on and then it won't load the movie for us to watch it. But most of the time we can't even get it to come up at all. It'll keep popping up Unable to Connect Netflix. Please try again or visit:www.netflix,com/tvhelp. Which that website just takes takes you to there normal site where you can report problems on a certain show and their contact info. When I called they said I've had a fluctuation in my internet service and it should be as simple as resetting my modem. So I tried that and tried re-downloading Netflix thru my Wii. Nothing is working and I'm getting aggravated. My friend called netflix about her's not working and they told her that changes were made to how they stream through Wii's. I need to know what is going on???
I'm having a similar problem except that on my Wii, Netflix pretends to work when you first start it up from the Wii Menu. But once it finishes opening, it won't play anything. It shows me pictures of shows for Instant Queue, Recently Watched, Top 10 and Popular on Netfilx, but it won't play any of them. Just loads for a while and then says it is having trouble. Below that, each list shows "We're having trouble accessing these titles for you right now. Please try again later." I've been trying again later for three weeks. Every now and then, it will play a show but not very often. Like you said, it used to flawlessly for months and months. Maybe the team who works on the Wii version need to try fixing something. Guess what? I also have a Nintendo 3DS and Netflix works just fine on that thing. Loads stuff a little slow sometimes, but at least it plays eventually. Go figure.
Hi all i just got netflix the other day and i'm watching it through my ps3 everything seemed fine till tonight when i was waching a movie andi dunno what went on but my screen is very big and even when i go back to my ps3 homescreen and even when i watch tv its all too big ive had my panasonic tv for over a year now and my ps3 for lionger and have had no issues netflix fk'd up my tv and im really mad!!! and i am not good with electronic stuff i just like to play a few games and watch some vids does anybody know what i can do?
stacks11: Hey Stacks you have good timing tonight. I'm gonna make this one short and sweet. Right now to me it sounds like perhaps you changed the aspect on your television set. If everything was working good, and everything is how you say it is then you most likely changed how your TV is displaying video and this really does not have anything to do with Netflix or your ps3 for that matter. You say you have a Panasonic TV, so have a look at your Pana remote and find the button labelled "Format" or it might also say "Aspect". After you locate that button press it and you will see some writing on the screen. Typically it will say something like Zoom or H-Fill or 4:3...etc. Keep pressing that button until you see the writing say "FULL". I would place money on your problem being fixed at this point and you should try watching your movie, or playing a game or whatever else you do with the TV. If you are unable to locate that button there will be a way in the TV's menu to change the aspect. Just come back here and let me know what exactly you see and have done, OK?
When streaming from my pc to tv and/or receiver the audio is bad. The music is ok, but the voices are hollow/tinny sounding. Very difficult to understand. Any suggestions? Netflix customer service suggested increasing my broadband internet signal strength......
So if you watch directly on your PC is everything ok? On the surface this simply sounds like a stereo/surround audio setting issue. Increasing your broadband will not fix that. Definitely need more details about your setup (devices, software) and when the problem occurs (movies, tv series..etc)
Ok, this one is really weird - watching an episode of Lost, getting all the background sounds but no voices (getting everything except speech). Any idea what might cause this?
When streaming video from my pc to tv and/or receiver the music is ok, but the voices are hollow, tinny and faint sounding. Can barely understand what people are saying. Netflix customer service suggested increasing my braodband internet strength. Anyone know if that's the issue? Thanks - I want to use Netflix, but won't if I don't get this resolved.....
I am watching the Alleyn Mysteris and there is competing music in the background that is not with the show. It is on all streaming I have tried this evening.
I am trying to watch my Netflix on my laptop while I am on vacation. I see the video first then the voice or talking is later. Is there something I need to do different to get these together at the right timing?
Usually stopping or pausing the video and playing it again will fix this. If not sometimes you can try fast forwarding or rewinding to a spot and this will cause it to rebuffer and should like the voice and video back up.
Picture and sound is out of synch. Can I do anything to correct it?
"Cu+D2:D14+D2:D8stomer: I just downloaded the Internet Security Suite Multi-Device and can't seem to install it right now.  The error that comes up is: We are unable to install your product(s) at this time.  Please select the Verizon Download Manager shortcut on your desktop and try again later"".

Can you help please?                                                                                                                                     "
 I know it doesn't answer your question, but I reccomend using a different antivurs. AVG and Avast are 2 good free options, Norton is good if you want a streamlined paid option. McAfee has a generally bad            
"Not sure if this is the right place for this--I tried to watch Netflix Streaming tonight and it couldn't connect.  
 
I made sure I was connected to the internet (via blu-ray player) all connections were good. 
 
Just wondering if anyone else is having issues--and is there a way to know if it's on Netflix end or Verizon's .
 
Thanks in advance."
"Netflix and Verizon are not playning nice with each other.
 
Use the serach feature on this forum to read lots of posts about this issue and Google ""netflix verizon.""
 
Have a great day!"
"I got it working--sometimes.
 
Still having issues with it having to 'load' a few times while watching.
 
Now if I could get them to fix my pixilating problem, I'd be happy.   Not real happy with Verizon right now.  My bill just went up because some of the specials dropped off--but the service is declining. 
 
*sigh*"
Why isn't the higher tier speeds available to my house?  Nobody seems to be able to answer this question, not sure where to turn to ask anymore.
What is the model of the ONT at your home? If you're not sure, take a picture of it.
"For the past few weeks I am intermittently getting only 1-2 bars on the bandwidth meter for the XBOX Netflix app, which I think means it is ~1-2Mbps.
 
 
I have a 35/35Mbps plan with FIOS, so it should be getting HD all the time. (it used to until recently).
 
 
Are others having this problem lately?  Is it a FIOS issue or is Netflix downgrading their service for any customers not on OpenConnect ISPs?"
"How is your video quality?  If it's OK, don't worry about the number of bars.  35Mbps is not required for HD.  If the quality is poor, try a different site for comparison.
 
I stream HD video on a daily basis and the actual connect speed varies.   Last night it varied between 1Mbps to 10Mbps on my laptop.  But the quality was high throughout and I did not notice any difference in quality when the connect speed changed.   When streaming on my BluRay player the connect speed is higher, but the video quality isn't any better.  HD is HD.
 
I'm not an expert in this area, but my best guess is that the actual connect speed is based, to some extent, on server load and what is needed, not how much you can handle.  And what is needed for HD video is much less than what your plan allows for."
"It's been slow for me as well. Playing anything in HD after 8pm ET is almost impossible. Calling and talking to Verizon tech support has been completely fruitless. They have been unwilling to assist me in identifying the issue nor have they been willing to talk to Netflix with me. My neighbor on comcast and a few friends on comcast and TWC are having zero issues. If it's not one thing, it's another. 
 
As always, don't expect much. I plan on calling billing later today when I have a chance."
"Hi Namronorman,

Please go to your profile page for the forum by clicking on your name, and look at the top of the middle column where you will find an area titled ""My Private Support Cases"". There you will find a link to the private board where you and the agent may exchange information. This should be checked on a frequent basis, as the agent may be waiting for information from you before they can proceed with any actions. Please keep all correspondence regarding your issue in the private support portal."
I was discussing this issue privately with Matt R until about 90 minutes ago when he stopped responding. I can't stream Netflix HD at the moment. Looks like it went south pretty fast this evening :manfrustrated:
"When it drops to 1-2 bars, the quality is pretty crappy.
Seems to be better again since yesterday...
 
Other sites have more consistent bandwidth.  Some bittorrents get > 50Mbps.  The problem lately has been specific to Netflix"
"I suspect this is going to become a recurring problem on video streaming sites.  As more and more people begin to use their service there may be a lag in providng adequate server capacity.
 
Last night I expererinced a rare slow connect speed on Amazon Prime.  (The slowest I've seen in over two years.)  Speed tests and other sites indicated no problem.  Even on YouTube HD streaming was great.  Back to Amazon: still slow.  About 2 hours later Amazon was back to normal.  Hopefully, a one time glitch rather than an omen of things to come."
"bout a week or so ago and before, it appeared that all netflix videos were being served to Verizon FiOS customers via Telia Sonera and Telia Sonera alone. During that time, packet loss seemed to be rather high with anything that was being served over Telia. Now, with Netflix much improved at all hours, it appears that Netflix is being streamed via Telia, XO, Sprint, and others.
 
With the additional peering points in place, I am now able to stream HD again even during peak hours. It does seem a BIT slow this evening but still capable of 3mbit HD."
Verizon is currently involved in a very ugly battle with cogent communications a large provider of bandwith that is necessary to be able to stream anything from netflix. The battle between verizon and cogent comunications is over "peering" which is something that two bandwith providers like verizon and cogent communications have to come to an agreement over so that you can stream content as it should be streamed. Another reason for some of the slow streaming has to do with the fact that verizon came to an agreement with redbox to stream their content for fios customers so netflix is angry about the fact that verizon is doing business with netflix's competitor redbox. If you want more details about what is going on then google "gigaom verizon" and see for yourself what is going on where verizon's p r person just released a statement about the battle between verizon and cogent communications over netflix content.
And we're back to a slow Netflix experience with constant buffering and no HD 
"Greetings all FIOS Internet users.
 
I had FIOS Internet installed at my house on March 8, 2014.  I bought the 50 MBPS download package.
 
Unfortunately, my highest download speed is about 28 MBPS.  Because I'm a computer whiz, I immediately realized what my problem is.  It's my router setup. 
 
The Verizon installers placed my router on a coffee table in my living room and then inserted a wireless USB card in to one of my computer's USB 2.0 ports.  However, my computer is located on the second floor of my house in my master bedroom and the router is located on the ground level of my house in my living room.
 
Instead of running an Ethernet cable from the router to my computer, the Verizon installers opted to go with a wireless installation.  I can run an Ethernet cable from my router to my computer by using the coax cable outlets located in every room of my house.  Of course, this will require many hours of work by me because I will have to pull the coax cable out of each outlet and substitute Ethernet cable or-- I can run an Ethernet cable from my router to the outside of my house and then run this cable to my master bedroom by drilling a hole in my bedroom wall..  I've course I will have to weather proof this outside cable.
 
If I do this, will my FIOS contract with Verizon be null & void?  I don't want to have any legal problems with Verizon but I sure as heck don't want to pay for 50 MBPS if I'm only getting 28 MBPS.
 
Please advise!!"
Verizon could care less if you want to do your own ethernet connection instead of Wireless.   Just hang onto the USB card they gave you in case they want it back when you leave Verizon.  Hopefully they aren't charging you extra for that.
Thank you for your input.  I'll wait for a few more replies to my question before I make a decision about installing the Ethernet cable myself.
"Do you have coax running from your ONT to your master bedroom, feeding a TV?
 
If so, you should be able to just relocate your router to the bedroom.  Would  that eliminate the need for rewiring?"
"This. But to answer the question, Verizon doesn't care , just will charge to help rewire if you mess up. 
 
Might want to look into the FiOS Inside Wire Maintenance Plan for $9 a month. Unsure how strict they are about you adding and dropping it."
My point was if the OP already has coax running to the room where his computer is located, he may be able to just relocate his router to that room without having to do any re-wiring at all.
"Thank you for your input.
 
Yes, I have coax cable coming from my attic to every room in my house.  When I had my house built, I requested that the builder install coax cable in every room in my house so my family could watch TV in any room.
 
I have a MI42WR Actiontec wireless router and it has a port for coax.  Now, the obvious question is:  Why didn't the Verizon installers ask me if I had coax cable running to my master bedroom??  Why must I do this work???  I don't mind doing the work but didn't I just pay Verizon for the installation???"
"I can't answer the question why the installer did what he did.  If you have a complaint about that it's best handled with Verizon Customer Service, rather than through this peer-to-peer forum.
 
However, since you do have coax already running to the room where your computer is located, and if (this is important) your Actiontec is being fed by coax now, the amount of work involved in moving the router would be minimal.  Just disconnect it from it's present location and reconnect it in your master bedroom. 
 
You may need a splitter for the coax in the bedroom but they're inexpensive and easy to obtain.
 
If your Actiontec is currently connected to your ONT via Ethernet, moving the router would still be done the same way but you'd then have to call tech support and get them to change your ONT's provisioning from Ethernet output to coax.
 
Once the router is moved, connect it to your PC via Cat 5/6 cable and in all likelihood you'll start getting the full speeds you're paying for."
I want to put my ONT inside a cabinet, but to do that I need to disconnect the fiber temporarily.  Is this possible?  It seems very difficutl to unplug (possibly designed that way to dissuade people from doing this?).  Many thanks
Technically possible maybe but highly discouraged with a lot of room for error. Call Verizon and see if they can send a tech out and if there would be any cost. I suggest you frame it as a renovation or construction change and not just wanting to hide the box.
"The fiber connectors are quite sturdy to insure accurate alignment and to eliminate loose connections.  They can be removed and reconnected, however you want to make sure both ends are kept clean while disconnected.
 
During install, Verizon uses dust caps to keep the fiber ends clean until the connection is made.  If the dust caps are still present, you can re-use them.  Just make sure they are clean.
 
Note that different models of ONT may be easier or harder to move.  If you post the model number, we might be able to give you more details.
 
If you're at all concerned about doing this yourself, contact Verizon.  I suspect the will be happy to do this, although they will most likely charge for a technician visit (probably around $100)."
I have disconnected my verizon fios in like December 2012. It has been 4 months already and I still haven't received my $87.86 refund check yet. They actually suppose to owe me more than that though. When I call customer service, I am either transferred like 5 times in one call or I am told that my refund check is coming very soon but customer service reps really don't know. Is this normal from Verizon to be so late in refunding customers? I am still receiving monthly statements that says I am owed $87.86.
"Hey William,
 
Looks like your issue has been resolved due to no response in your private support case. If you're issue is not resolved, please feel free to make a new post.
 
Thanks,
- Jose_VZ"
Please send me an email address that I can use to send a complaint about a particularly rude Verizon customer service representative.
Just a friendly reminder, this is a forum where users help other users. You can contact our customer service team via live chat or email at: http://www22.verizon.com/content/contactus/
"Ornahp  - That was a very friendly, yet extremely unhelpful response to my post.  Allow me to re-phrase my original post : 
 
Does anyone know of an email address that I can use in order to send a complaint to Verizon regarding a customer service representative?  The support website on the Verizon website is not allowing me to connect to live chat nor to send an email.   The wait time when calling customer support is ridiculously long - like 15 to 20 minutes.  I have no interest in waiting on hold again just to have my call answered by an extremely rude, unhelpful employee of Verizon.
 
Thank you."
"Alyssa, I feel your pain. I've been yelled at , sworn at, hung up on, and blatently ignored. I emailed everyone and every department known to verizon with names, times and incidents and nothing happens.
 
Verizon doesn't  care.   I know you are angry but there is nothing you can do. They hire crappy employees."
I also need an email address for RUDE customer service.
I have had Verizon phone service and internet for several years and everytime we have a bad storm, the lines go dead..I have called Verizon numerous times, repair tickets are done but yet they are not fixing the problem. All I want is to complain to Verizon via email, which is not available on the website...
"Here's one route:
 
http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&frm=1&source=web&cd=6&cad=rja&sqi=2&ved=0CGAQFjAF&url…"
"As of today, 12-12-28, you can not reach live chat or find an email address through the page you offered.
 
Perhaps when you posted it, those features were available, but now, no way.
 
So, people, get out your pen a paper and write a letter. See how that goes."
I am posting my message on this forum because I do not know what else I can do other than change service.  This is my final attempt to try to resolve my problem with my home phone.  I have had problems for over one year where my phone will suddenly and without warning cut out.  There have been times when I go to make a call and get no dial tone which may last for one hour or one day.  I have called for service several times and most times by the time the repair person gets to my home, my phone will be working so nothing is done.  I get an email saying the problem has been resolved and within a few days I will have the same issue.  Of course I get my phone bill for a whole month's services, but who knows how much of that time my phone is actually working.  For one month I actually did receive a credit but on that occasion I had no phone service for over one week!  I can't believe that in this high tech world that I cannot get this problem resolved. Has anyone else had this type of problem, and what have you done?  Thank you.
"Hi jpidab,
 
Please go to your profile page for the forum by clicking on your name, and look at the top of the middle column where you will find an area titled ""My Private Support Cases"".  There you will find a link to the private board where you and the agent may exchange information. This should be checked on a frequent basis as the agent may be waiting for information from you before they can proceed with any actions. Please keep all correspondence regarding your issue in the private support portal."
"Hi jpidab,
 
We haven't heard back from you on your Private Support case. We hope you were able to get everything situated.
 
If you need any further assistance, feel free to make a new post, so we can can assist!
 
Thanks,
Ali Adam"
Sounds like you signed the contract for FiOS Digital Voice Telephone Service.  The agreement says that the service can cut out at any time without warning for any reason, Does not connect with 911 county dispatch in emergencies, and will fail during power outtages or other emergencies.  YOU WERE WARNED in the contract agreement, but you signed it without reading it, didn't you? 
"I did not know where else to go to express my gratitude to Verizon and its staff for the incredible customer service I receive from them everytime I call or chat online.  I've been with VZ since the early 90's and never had a bad experience with the.  As a matter of fact, they just get better year after year.
So, thank you for the great products and the wonderful customer service.  Kudos to all."
"I must be living in some kind of alternate universe
 
I got the 'Bizarro' version of Verizon I guess"
"You didn't call Verizon then.  I was told by Customer Service to ""get lost"" and given the disconnect number.  I have written proof of this.
 
Or else I didn't call Verizon, and some villains are impersonating their Customer Service people. . .
 
But I did contact someone who told me to go disconnect through their website. 
 "
 am not a man that swears but your sign ins to my account is sooo ridiculous you give me a pin  then i use it then it says its no longer available you cant even get on with my phone number I am sooo !@#$%^&*()_  with assinnine security crap I KNOW WHO I AM WHY DONT YOU. I NEVER NEVER HAD THIS PROBLEM WITH COMCAST.
"Sorry to hear about the problems with your authentication. I have copied your post to our private support board to get more information. Please refer all correspondences to your private support thread.
Anthony_VZ"
"Since we haven't heard back from you or have received a form submission as requested in your private support case, it appears assistance is no longer required. If you need any future help with your Verizon service, please make a post here on the forums so we can assist.
Anthony_VZ"
"Hi,
I'm having issues signing in.  The screen just keeps looping around and around - 
I wanted to change my password and billing info - I had to call it in. 
Now that I have a new password.  Again same thing looping around.
Tried Firefox like avatar suggested - still nothing."
Have you cleared your cache? Or tried a different browser?
Is Steam still down or is it just my 'puter that's messed up????
i cant buy XCOM (VISA ELECTRON)
Cant buy farcry 3 
Same here
Store still not working here…
It's online again, guys. At least in Germany. Funny sh*t.
you can still play, but steam shop is down
i'm from germany and i've the same problem. Error -102
is steam down?
why i can't buy anything?
Everybody is good I am from the Chinese game player yesterday I in steam in our country a kind of network called " pay treasure " things paid for men of warv1.17. My money has been paid but my Steam client did not receive any goods mail I do not worry about my money
Here is the "Contact Us" page of the parent company of Fastcard, the company handling Steam Wallet gift card services.
lmao
I don’t have any friends to gift, THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE
I cant redeem my gift card that was bought from Best Buy.
GIFT CARDS ARE DOWN, THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE.
Still can't buy anything 
LOL
Still no connection but I´m being able to play games normally,unfortunally can´t check my profile and talk to friends....but this dawn about 4 am,steam was normally working.
Well the game I bought during the downtime says I bought it but it won't let me download it and it doesn't show it in my library. Great.
It's working
That's not for us to do. We can't help, THEY can. It's not our decision.
Thx for fixing this up so fast, from russia with love, and bears :P
Great, now I have to actually sit down and eat christmas dinner with the family now steams down. Damn you steam!
Just came up for me!
ITS A CHRISTMAS DAY MIRACLE! CHEERS, BELLEVUE
YAY we're back online!
Meeh still offline. I guess I'll go wash some dishes. Perhaps call the parents. ahhhh gamerproblemz
dammit you steam, why did u not announce a downtime?
This is horrible. The whole world is offline from steam.
My first time on steam and it doesn't work
Agreed. Just want to download bl2 season pass stuff.
Don't even want to play today, just want to set download going… Silly cloud services!
Good luck to the engineers who are working on this problem!
Guys, just calm down. It'll be back sooner or later, and it's Christmas.
Somewhere in Washington State an emergency team is explaining to their kids why they have to miss Christmas breakfast to go fix Steam for a bunch of rich white kids
Right on xmass when I got a game as a gift and want to show the fam how cool steam is, THIS **** HAPPENS
Thanks, lucky enough to be the 1 that can't connect~guess, BEDTIME
What is the extent of the login server's importance though?
They've already "passed the servers which are down. (I guess there are dedicated servers to handle client logins
but why some of my friend are not affected? They are still online, only particle of the users are affected?
There are people working, probably a skeleton crew
It would appear that Judgement day is a few days. You see, Valve (God) is delivering server downtime (eternal torment) to people who don’t celebrate Christmas (sinners)
There support website isn't working, no connection…
It would appear "unable to link to Steam cloud" is affecting everyone
MERRY CHRISTMAS from Steam! Go be with your family
Just bought Skyrim, but cant play it due to servers down
good so this isnt my new pc's fault!
Off Line mode is screwed up too cant play any games in offline
Steam for Android still works, but the store is still down for me. Seems to be a problem with our ISPs
I bought many things from ebay these days which is jimmy choo shoes and other things.. what if those product are not authentic?
The time to be concerned about authenticity is BEFORE the sale.  If the price is too good to be true for new products…there's your clue.
Why is it that ebay suspends the good sellers and buyers, but lets the cons and rips off arist continue selling and buying. Are ebay reps nutz? or **bleep**in retarted
This was a timely post since I was just getting ready to list a bunch of used drum and drum set equipment. Thanks for the heads up OP!
I new to ebay.  Am I allowed to refer people to my facebook art page, or online blog, in my profile?
i have  been charged £23.50 for 'selling' an iteam but i didnt sell it my friend bought it from me so i took the iteam of and i have still being charged? someone called my house and says i have to do this because am not paying for something i didnt actually sell
It is impossible for me to understand what happened here. Please reask your question with more details. Proper English, grammar and punctuation would help, too.
Was it an auction? You get charged fees for removing an auction listing early.
They charge a fee to discourage sellers from ending auctions early. Now you know not to end auctions early
A case was open.  I sent the wrong item.  The problem was corrected right a way.  Got a positive feedback.  But the case is still open. 
hi there....to close your case, you go into your resolution area.... See my ebay page and it is about 3/4 down on the right side. Click on resolution and it will take you to your open case and you can close it when you are inside
Do not buy anything from yueloksing80 he is lier. I bought item from him it was small. He offered me an exchange, I sent it and since then almost 3mounts I have no answer
You're in Bulgaria. Buyer protection has expired on this deal.
You need to be using one of the seller managers, and set it up auto. Feedback is voluntary.
ARE THERE ANY THAT ARE FREE?
I need to know how to block a seller
What do you mean by blocking a seller?  From doing what?
???????????? you have no reason to block a selller simply don't shop their items?????????????
I agree and it's not only aussies my friend!!! Other countries like Canada also!
I need a little clarification on the GSC.  I only sell in USA, but sometimes someone will buy my items from over seas.  Sometimes I can invoice the buyer and they pay me and sometimes Ebay sends the invoice.  When ebay invoices, it won't let me invoice them.  If ebay invoices the buyer, does the buyer HAVE to buy this way and pay all the fees?  Or can I invoice them through Paypal?  What are the rules on this?  The buyer doesn't want to complete the sale because the charges are higher than I thought they would be.  I quoted him a guess on shipping as if I were doing it.  Now I don't know how to complete sale or if we trash the sale, does I still have to pay fees on the 4 items he bought?  uggh  what a mess
Not sure, but here's what the help page says:
I have had 2 open cases for weeks, both stating the the buyer did not receive the item.  One buyer let me know that she did finally receive the item, the other stated that she never received it.  Neither buyer would CLOSE the case, so I escalated both, obviously assuming that ebay would side with me & close them since tracking showed both items delivered. Guess what?  Ebay sided with both & issued both a refund. . . . 
After years of using ebay - I dont anymore. I bought a bike rack which was wrongly advertised and didnt fit my bike. No problem, all I have to do is contact the seller and get my money returned. The seller was agressive, rude. condescending and refused to refund my money. He dragged out the process too. I wondered why. No problem, I could speak to someone from ebay and get it sorted. Oh dear would you believe it, the 35 days (or however many days it is) that I apparently have to resolve a problem had elapsed (clever seller eh?) So they couldnt do anything. Oh well, I could always give the seller a bad rating.... No I can't, too much time has elapsed. This illuminating experience cost me nearly £80. It was money well spent tho' because there is no way I will buy from ebay again. GET YOUR HOUSE IN ORDER EBAY!!! 
Did you use a credit card to pay for it?  You may be able to file with them and get your money back.  In the future, do not let the 30 days pass.  If it seems to be getting to be back and forth with no resolution, open a snad case in the resolution center..  Do not close it until the issue is resolved, no matter what the seller tells you.  You have one shot at opening a case if you close it, you cannot re-open it.
you are in the united kingdom, your posting on ebay usa. you are blameing ebay for your mistakes you made. don't understand why you waited so long.
Years & years & years, right?
Moved over to ebid.net Enough of these fools!!!
Thanks!  Packing a few bags as I type.
Well good luck with that!
You would not believe the scam that ebay is doing to all of us on " buyer protection". If a notice is left by post office- it actually means that it was delivered. So your not protected. If the seller sends you the wrong item and says that he will send you the correct one and you never receive it, than e-bay goes by the original tracking showing it was delivered. You lose again. So if you use signature required, and not signed, its stilled considered delivered if at least an attemp was made and never delivered, you lose again. Im out 170 dollars cause of their inconsistance in policy inforcement. Thumbs down for e-bay!
If you receive the wrong item, you are to first try and work out something with the seller. If you decide to return the item for a full refund, you are suppose to return it with tracking and delivery confirmation. Ebay does not require a signature on items returned and amount less than is less than $750. The tracking number with the return is suppose to be entered through the Resolution Center. You can escalate the case after 3 days to Customer Support. You've got 30 days to get this resolved with the buyer. Ebay then closes the case.I don't know what your situation was, but I have never had an item sent back to the post office with a notice to pick it up there and it is marked delievered. That just doesn't make any sense.
How do you get that listing feature where you hover over the top left thumbnail and it "enlarges" the area your looking at...
You need to upload your images into Ebay's photo browser when you set up your listing, and the image needs to be at least 1600 pixels on its longest side.
If you paid for that item, you can leave him the appropriate feedback, that is the best way to warn other buyers.
This morning I made a purchase  and then had that member cancel my transaction because "he had made a mistake on the price listed". Anybody who ever wants to place an order from this vendor should be strongly warned that he is nothing short of a scam artist. I will NEVER do any business with that scam artist again!!!!!
How is he a "scam artist"?
Agree the seller did not scam.  On the other hand they did exhibit a lack of integrity - as a seller for many years if i made a mistake in my proposals I ate the bullet.
Is there a way to list on item in multi categories at one shot? Or do i have to select each category through my selling page?
I know I'm not selling the most sought after items on the planet, but my listing will go days and days without even view count increasing. Whats the purpose of having a 7 day time period when noone seems to even look at items until they are within a day or so of ending. Maybe I'm a bit naive, but I recall the days of ebay when you could go jogging and put your sweaty socks up for sale on ebay and someone would bid on them. I guess the jist of my post is, is ebay dead?
THINK SO I HAVE OVER 100 ITEMS ON RIGHT NOW AND NOTHING WHAT IS GOING ON?
Whats the easiest way of turning this off? I've not had a problem with it. But it does seem to stifle the traffic from outside the US
YES!! Dead as a door knob!! I can't even sell the cars I bought on ebay for the SAME price I paid on ebay and that includs fixing these so called "PERFECT CONDITION" autos...I can't sell anything of real cost no matter how low I dare go!!
I love ebay and found most of my experiences with buyers positive..really awesome good people...however, why can one ugly buyer leave shaming feedback and not removed yet sellers can't leave humiliating feedback for them? The same buyer can return to leave more negative feedback despite blocking. Also, sellers can't reveal the truth when a buyer doesn't pay and makes it look the buyer has perfect feedback
Agreed, but you can leave bad feedback for buyers anytime you want. And I really hate buyers sometimes because they leave negative feedback for no reason. Don't get me started on the eBay seller fees. PayPal AND eBay take money from each of my sales even though they are the same company! I really kinda HATE eBay.
Think positive..Ebay is a machine...They want their cut..however their rates are pretty low compared to many consignment shops where sellers literally get $1 for selling $300 worth of stuff. All in all I think ebay is fair and inexpensive in "overhead"
So much for buyer protection. I received the wrong size item, paid to return it with tracking number and the seller would not try to resolve the issue with me and ebay buyer protection sided with the seller. Talk about a bad taste in your mouth. Ebay's customer service was a complete let down. 
You did something wrong to have lost a case.  Did you open a case?   Did you open the package or damage the shirt in anyway or use the shirt?  Don't lie since Ebay does have access to your emails.  Think before you answer here.  It's rare for a buyer to lose a case.
I wrote shirt. but anyway , my point is did you open the original packaging ?   If you opened a case, did you give Ebay the tracking #?
I opened the package, the item was the wrong size, I supplied tracking information on the return and I still lost.
Did you buy the item on the US ebay site or on the International Sellers home ebay site?
I got on Amazon this morning, and all of my wish lists have disappeared, including the ones of family/friends that I'm watching. Has anyone else had this problem? Will they come back or are they gone for good?
I also cannot access my wish lists currently.
Yes, mine have also! All my Kindle books, music, etc. are GONE! I'm going to try to call Amazon.
Same issue here. Links I previously sent to family members for my kids' private wish lists also coming up with an error message. I have two kids' birthdays in the next week, this is a problem!
mine are all gone too. if anyone knows anything, keep us posted!
Were you able to get any information from them? I am experiencing the same issues.
Mine are gone too.
Yes, my wish list has disappeared as well. This is disheartening...i spent a year creating that list!!
Same here. Hope they get them back for us.
Mine is gone as well, also have spent around a year now creating my lists... very upsetting. I've heard if you contact Amazon they can possibly restore your wishlists for you, but how can I contact Amazon?
Mine are gone. I hope they will be able to restore them soon.
Glad to know I'm not the only one experiencing this problem. Very frustrating!
I've checked in Chrome, Firefox and Safari: no luck with any of them. I suspect a redirect issue on their end, but I agree there's no need to worry about data loss.
All my lists are gone as well. Checked on various browsers, on the Amazon app for iPhone, and on a different computer. None of those seemed to work. Hopefully since this many people are having an issue, Amazon is working to resolve the issue...I hope.
My wish lists were here 2 hours ago, but gone now. I hope they return.
My Wish Lists are gone! What happened??
I've tried to get thru via chat twice and been disconnected while waiting for a Wishlist Specialist twice. My guess is that they're frantically working to fix the problem.
Wish Lists are an important part of the Amazon Site. You can rest assured that they will come back. It's not a feature that Amazon would remove, it is tied in too closely with the entire function of the site.
All my lists are gone as well. Error message is: "The Web address you entered is not a functioning page on our site" Hopefully, they will be restored. I don't think I could remember all the things I've saved there.
I just contacted Amazon via chat and this is the response I received:  "_____:Hello. I'm very sorry, our system is going through an update. Our tech team is currently looking into a fix now. The lists will be up and running soon." So sounds like all will be fine, although we don't know how long. Would be nice for Amazon to post a notification in advance next time to avoid customer panic!
Mine are gone also!  Was headed in to order from one of the lists....but cannot now!
Here is what I was told in a chat with them: Jadeyn:Your Wish Lists are not gone. Our system is going through an update, they will be back up shortly. Sorry about the inconvenience. Me:When do you expect them to be back? Jadeyn:All we have is soon.  Our tech team is working very hard on this. I said I'd check back this afternoon, PDT.
My wish lists are gone too!!! How concerning! Has the site been hacked??? I changed my password...worried
Glad to see that they're working on getting them back.
Ditto......! Some of the things on my wishlist has been there so long...I could never replace them...I keep them there because it IS a "wishlist"......
Given the the "Get Yourself a Little Something" on the front page is still accurately displaying items from my wish list, it's clear the data is intact and that the issue is a front-end problem.
All of my wish lists are gone. Need to order a birthday present and I hope the lists come back within a day or two. LDA
I also chatted with Customer Service. My Wish Lists weren't there when I logged in this morning, nor were they available through my app on iPhone. I was told it may take up to 24 hours before they are back.
OK, I just got home, and checked the status; my Wish Lists are back! I hope all of you have yours back also.
I would keep prime if I had an inkling that Amazon is working on getting video to my Samsung galaxy note!!! I have loved Amazon for many years and I would hate to have to go to another service just because they don't have the ability to stream videos to note!!
Here's a place to let them know how you feel:
If you have the Flash Player and a Flash-compatible browser (like Firefox) It's not an elegant solution, but it should work for you until AIV get off their collective butt and make a proper 'Droid app. installed on the Galaxy, switch the browser to desktop mode and you can view AIV from the website.
Tried this but the flash wouldn't download into my phone...any other suggestions? This was a great idea by the way!
Not sure what you mean. Adobe dropped support for Flash on Android and it can't be found on the Play Store anymore, but it's pretty easy to find a recent APK, download and install it. You may have to enable app installs from outside sources in your settings.
do i find the APK (not sure what that is) in the play store or somewhere on the web?
http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/how-to/google-android/3417930/how-get-flash-in-android-jelly-bean/
Finally got it to play but the playback has a dark screen with colored lines at the bottom...when I go from portrait view and landscape view I actually catch a real picture and it also does this when I move the window around. There is also no sound...You have helped me so far!!! Any more help will be greatly appreciated!!! Thanks!!
Amazon, you suck. I'm writing this from a Kindle, so yes I have video access from here. But why not on my Samsung phone? I could use my roommate's iPhone or iPad, though? Logic: heard of it?
Make sure to email Amazon from your account email address and let them know that we really need an Instant Video app!
AMAZON..... I have started to only buy digital for the sake of protecting my video library(particularly kids movies). I would like to see a library of hundreds of movies and I would like to do that thru Amazon... HOWEVER, If you will not make an instant streaming app for android ( All three of our phones and both tablets are android) I will be forced to choose another provider... Google play? Vudu? Whatever will let me access on my tablet, phone and my roku or playstation, You have thousands of dollars that you could still make out of me, but you will lose that business if you do not release an android version of instant streaming POST HASTE.
Amazon sells Kindles. I have yet to see anyone make a business case for why Amazon should spend time and money to develop apps to make a service it offers on its own products available on a competing platform (Apple is not a direct competitor for Kindle, nor are PCs/Macs. Android tablets are.)
What carrier is standard or two day shipping? Amazon doesn't list it anywhere, and not everyone can receive UPS or USPS at a given address. I can't receive USPS at my physical address and can't receive UPS at my PO box so I must know before ordering. Help!
There is no standard and no way to select one. You won't know until you get the shipping notification.
If your PO box and physical address are in the same city and zip code, you cAn format your address exactly like this:
Thx LegoGirl. That would work except the PO boxes have their own zipcode.
"If the item ships UPS SurePost (which would go through USPS), then there is an option on the UPS website to pay a small fee to upgrade it to UPS Ground. Not sure if FedEx has a similar option for fedEx Smartpost, which also goes through USPS.  If you are really rural, 2-day shipping probably would not go through USPS because it wouldn't make it in time. If you're urban or suburban then it might be any carrier.

You could try contacting Amazon directly to tell that USPS flat-out doesn't deliver to your physical address and see if they have any other suggestions."
I ordered an item that is being delivered by OnTrac - I never received the item. Their contact number doesn't exist and I can't track. There doesn't seem to be a way to get ahold of Amazon customer service -anyone know?
Hogiepops: please use the ASK A NEW QUESTION tab below instead of tagging onto an unrelated discussion. The original poster gets email every time someone adds to this thread.
"I agree, I can only receive UPS and USPS and FedEx will NOT deliver to my house. Because I cannot select a carrier, I've had to deal with many of my deliveries being returned to you and reordering hoping you wont ship with FedEx. Or I have to spend hours on the phone re-routing the package to a FedEx center.  PLEASE give your customers the option to SELECT A SHIPPING CARRIER. I shop mostly only with Amazon, b/c your prices are the best and your website and customer service is excellent and very efficient with shipping, etc. But this is a major problem. I spend thousands a year at Amazon and want to stay a customer but simply cannot keep dealing with not being able to select a carrier.

On my last order, I thought that standard shipping would never use FedEx, but it was sent by FedEx 2-Day. I can't win! It's totally random as to which shipping carrier is used for orders.

Please implement this asap! I think you will start losing customers otherwise. You will definitely lose me if I dont have the option soon. thank you."
JE, you're talking to other customers on a public forum. Use the "Contact Us" button LegoGril mentioned.
"FYI

I looked up The Oyster Farmer (Alex O'Loughlin) and the dvd prices is over 300 dollars? 
Its only 6 pounds sterling on .co.uk. 
I was going to order it here with another purchase that I can only get from .com so I get free shippingbut I think you may need to correct the price first!! 

:)

Thanks!

Juliette "
"I would like to know if the galaxy s5 came out on the 11 of April how is it that I am seeing used and refurbish
ones on sale already don't understand"
"I have Prime. I love it. I think $79 is completely reasonable, and I'll pay it every time.

However - when that time of year comes around and my checking account gets debited for $79, it would be nice to have some kind of warning that this is about to happen. I don't always have $79 in my account, and I would like a heads up to make sure my balance doesn't go into the red.

Is there any way to make this happen?

Thanks. "
why, every time i try to post a question, does an error occur????????? i would like to know if i rent and or purchase a movie, can i hit the pause, rewind????? 
"I am curious if Amazon or the State of Florida has informed its citizens that if Amazon does open up shop, then every resident of Florida will have to pay for the enormous Tax breaks Amazon will receive. But, this is my favorite one,,,,,,, the Amazon Corp or the State of Florida has not said in all the newspaper hype about jobs and etc that,,,,,, Everyone in Florida will now have to pay Sales Tax on everything they order from Amazon. 

So,, AMAMZON wins with enormous TAX incentives,,,, State of Florida wins by collecting sales tax and guess who are the biggest losers of this?? Your right ,,, the citizens of the State of Florida. IMAGINE THAT!!!!!! "
On my new computer Prime wont play. I keep getting a displayed puzzle poiece with a frown. What do I need to do to fix this?
I am having problems to log in to my account, which is very annoying. This is the third time that the system prevent me from login. I get no error, no "password incorrect", nothing like that. I checked that I am actually in the correct amazon domain and also double check with firefox (I use chrome mainly). I tried the password reset option with no luck. The system keep me asking to write the character in the box. Again no error indicate what's wrong. Is like there's something wrong withing amazon servers. Does someone know what's wrong? 
You are offering this product on your web-site, one vendor has it for $299.00 and one for $399.00 You should know that the company that supplies the signal with the baseball information that is displayed is called Ambient. Ambient decided last week to stop supplying the signal, so the product is now useless. You should no longer allow this product to be advertised !! 
Why can't I buy the fire tv because I have a European address?
The following book was advertised on Book Bub for Free until 4/15 and when I ordered it today I was charged 3.99. I want it for Free, or you can refund the 3.99 and remove the book.
How can I lend one of my kindle books to a freind 
I am unable to enable wireless to Sync as I have forgotten the parental control password. Even if I de-register the device online, the devise will not sync unless I enable the wireless. Please help. 
"Try setting up a parental control password. 
Go to Settings (round gear icon) > More > Parental Controls.

If that doesn't work try entering every password you may have used on the Fire - wi-fi-, Amazon account, Facebook, Netflix, etc. It seems to be using a password that it randomly selects from ones you have used in the past. If you have kids, see if they have any game apps that use passwords, too.

If all else fails you'll need to reset to Factory Defaults. 
Go to Settings > More > Device > scroll all the way to the bottom > Reset to Factory Defaults.
"
Why am I sometimes charged tax on my kindle book purchases? 
Ebooks often have tax based on where the publisher is rather than where the buyer is. I don't know why, only that it is. 
I have moved from the united states to United Kingdom. I have already paid for my amazon prime membership for this year. How do get my services transferred
You need to talk to Customer Service. Click the "Contact Us" button on this page to reach them.
"My one click orders have been accepted up to today. I did as the customer service rep told me to do. I deleted the former payment method and entered it again. It is the same one, but it only seems to register my credit card

Please tell me if I have to make a separate entry for the one click orders? Is what I have done enough "
You need to select the updated card as your 1-Click payment setting and also make sure you have the correct billing address selected. You'll find a link to your 1-Click settings on your account page.
Everytime I go to your web site, my name pops up. Is there anyway to prevent that? I like to sign in each time. Will this happen on my computer at work? 
Dorothy, There are two ways to log out. One, click on Your Account at the top of the page. At the bottom of the drop-down menu, you'll see "Not xxx, Sign Out" Click that. Two, click on the "Help" link at the top of any page. "Sign Out" will be under "Wish List" in the top right corner of the page. 
I ordered a World Cuisine Upright Peeler Stand for the World Cuisine Upright Carrot Peeler. How do you attach the peeler to the stand? There are no instructions. Is the stand really made specifically for this peeler? Seems like it would fit snugly and have a place to put the pusher. 
"What did the manufacturer say when you asked them?

If nothing else, look for the Q&A section on one of the product pages to post a question for other buyers of the product. "
Telling me must update credit card info to purchase book,yet been using amazon gift card still showing available balance more than purchase price
Amazon use the credit card info to confirm your country of residence
I ordered an Iron Gym Total Body Workout Bar. It's in good quality. However it is missing part #5 (the plastic ring which keeps the bar stable). This is a huge problem seeing I need it to completely assemble the item I purchased. How can I get in contact with Amazon about this problem? 
"""How can I get in contact with Amazon about this problem? ""

No reason to since Amazon does not stock parts. Check with the manufacturer and see if they can ship you one.

If not, then you have the option to return/exchange the entire item. You can do that from Your Orders page. "
I was delivered oregono oil capsules when I ordered a re-usable keuirg thing. I need to figure out how to fix this ASAP! I can't find a phone number anywhere or a custermer service line. 
There is a big orange yellow contact us button to the right ---------->
"I have a significant log in problem as whenever I try to log into my account, the system refuses by saying that ""There was a problem with your request
There was an error with your E-Mail/Password combination. Please try again."". I did try many time and also changed my password. Amazin did send me email to confirm my password has been sucessfully changed but still I cannot log in my account. Please help me as soon as possible because I have an urgent need fir tracking my order"
Use the Orange "Contact Us" button to the right of this page to contact Customer Service. >>> 
"hi 
my visa sent to me that i buy something from amazon about 79$ but iam not ?? 
what for this money ? "
"You agreed to a free month of amazon Prime you also agreed to pay $79 dollars if you did not cancel within that free month. 
To cancel Prime go to Your account >> Manage Prime Membership >> end membership"
Why am I being charged for shipping and handling when my order totaled more than the $35 minimum?
You must have $35.00 worth of eligible items, all shipping to the same U.S. address, and you must choose the free shipping option at checkout. It is not the default. 
I have bought several dozen books from Amazon and downloaded them to both my kindle and my ipad which I am using as e-readers. If I now buy a new tablet, can I download the books I have already bought to my new tablet ? Can I assume there is no additional charge as I have already paid for them? Does it matter what tablet I buy - for example the new ipad or maybe the Google nexus? Help please. 
"As long as the tablet can install the Kindle Reading App, it doesn't matter what you buy.

Books can be downloaded to only a certain number of devices simultaneously. Usually it is 6, sometimes more or less. You can see the total number of licenses on the book's product page. "
"I have to press very hard for it to 70% of the time. 
Can they just send me a new remote or do I have to return whatever came in the box, and then have to reinstall apps again, key in passwords, etc? I threw one of the boxes, that means I have to pay for a new one. Please just send me a new remote, please. "
Alejandro, As we are all other customers here, we can't send anything to you. Use the "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page to reach customer service. Choose the "Chat" or "Phone" option for the best service.
How do you find your past issues of magazines. I can only see the past 12 months in the Cloud on my device.
Hey there, Terry. Due to the size and frequency of delivery for most subscriptions, only the most recent issues of the subscription are kept in the Cloud. You can find more info about this here: 
I had a problem with a recent order, and posted some very negative feedback. Since I can't change feedback (which is something that Amazon should change), can I delete my original message and post a more positive one? 
"You can delete it. You cannot re-post.

In the future, wait to leave feedback until a transaction has come to some kind of resolution completely. "
I just received a new Kindle Fire HD, when going thru the settings menu I clicked on the audio version and now I can't get back to that screen to turn it off. It's "stuck" on the home page that shows my favorites.
O.D, Try swiping down from the top of the screen.
I've tried that several times & the "voice" just tells me the name of one of my favorites.
O.K. try this--Swipe down from the top with two fingers. Then double-tap More. Then double-tap Accessibility, to turn off those features
"I have deleted the games Bingo Sky, Drop Flowers, Mahjong Artifacts and Mahjong Artifacts 2 off of my device and Cloud but they are still appearing on Cloud.

What should I do to get them off Cloud permanently?
"
Once you select "Remove from Cloud" on your device, it can take a couple hours for it to sync between your device and your account. If they still won't remove from your device's Cloud, I'd recommend getting in touch with our Amazon Appstore team to look into real-time troubleshooting. Use the "Contact Us" button to the right, or click here: 
i need to order books in large print and the item descriptions are vague at best.........is there a direct method to determine if an item is large print or not???
The title says it all, so I was wondering if I reset all settings on my iphone, will my text messages still be there?
Your not having a data plan is why you are not receiving iMessages except when on wi-fi. You need an active data connection to send/receive iMessages.
Reset all settings will not result in data loss. However, you will have to redo any settings that you have changed from the default values in the Settings app.
what is the app page limit for iPhones?
It used to be 11 pages, but was supposed to be changed. I'm not sure what the number is now.
It appear to be 15.
Need help here!
Well, you have told us nothing specific about your situation.
iPhone model and iPad model and you are trying to update from which iOS version on each?
iOS 7.0.4 on both
Basically cannot purchase anything anymore on both iPhone and iPad.
You say " ... seems to upload forever."  That seems to contradict " ... cannot purchase anything any more ..."
It seems to be waiting for me to enter my password... It shouldn't take four days to update three apps...
Try resetting your iPhone.  Hold the on/off and home buttons together for about 10 seconds till the Apple logo appears.
Have you updated your credit card or has you funding method outdated if both are failing to update it's likely not software or hardware ;) I did this once doh and was stuck for ages . What a doh it I was eh!
How have we made it all the way to iOS7 without the very basic feature of being able to turn off the vibrate for the alarm, while leaving it enabled for other alerts?
Put the phone on the bed or its own little pillow. It reduces the vibration significantly.
Since you keep your phone on Silent. Then might I suggest disabling the vibrate for Ring?
thats the only thing i hate ios!
So today i just noticed that my iphone 5s parallax stopped working ! Could someone please help me as soon as possible please.
"how can I put voice memos on to disk? its in my itunes library... now what do I do?
What programmes or software can I transfer it on to to get it transfered onto disk?
ANY advice welcome. thanks"
http://www.wideanglesoftware.com/touchcopy/index.php
You can burn them onto CD directly from iTunes. You don't need anything else... well, other than a writable CD/DVD drive, and a blank disk of course.
I am a novicw with this sort of thing. so i can use my windows media player to burn it onto a disk. do I need to 'create an ACC version''?? whatever that means. Thanks Chaps
You have iTunes. iTunes is REQUIRED to sync the voice memos to the computer. iTunes can burn them to disk. Either as data files or as an audio disk. I did  not make any mention of Windows Media Player.
I've tried updating all my apps on App Store, but none of them can be updated. Now, I have over 80+ apps waiting to be updated.
See "Change your iTunes Store country" 
Thanks man Ocean20.. that issue has been hanging there for a long time! THANK YOU!! You made my day!!
I have the same problem but i already changed my account to the other store and restarted my phone and still cant update my apps. Any idea of what I could do?
Weird thing is that i can Download NEW content, but i can't UPDATE the apps that i have to update.... must be a glitch ?
"I've got a problem. One day, I tried to check out some pictures in Google!
But Google just showed me a black window! So my question is: what's the problem?
I'm using safari with my iphone 5s ( ios7 - new update)"
What kind of pictures in Google? Do you mean the results of an image search?
Yes. I'm mean for example... I search for 'birthday'. So after that i turn to the picture option in google. Then I see a few of options, but if i'm going to click on one of this picture, there's no picture just these black window, which I mentioned before. Do you know what's the problem?
Try clearing the Safari cache. Settings/Safari, Clear cookies and Data.
I tried everything but it's not working yet. Some other ideas?
Do you have any content restrictions set? Settings/General/Restrictions: Websites.
Try another browser... iCabMobile or Chrome.
Why do I have to enter my Apple ID password when updating apps?
That sure doesn't make sense.. I would like to have the option to always be able to use my touch ID to purchase apps... not just unlock my iPhone...
I don't get asked for password when I download app updates... the only reason for you to be asked for password is that your iPhone is not authorized for your Apple ID...
No it's not that. Been authorised since day 1. As I mentioned, I can purchase with touch ID without having to re-enter the password, therefore it's authorised. It's only on the updates I get this message.
As for me, it seems to need to have me enter the Apple ID password to re activate the touch iD every now and then when I download a new app.... not sure why.
"I am having the same problem. It doesnt make any sense. it keeps making me
 
""sign into itunes store""
Confirm apple id password for ""email"" to renew touch id purchases."
This is ridiculous...  "Sign In to ITunes Store- Confirm Apple ID Password for <user> to Renew Touch ID Purchases"  ????!?!!?!?
Guess I'll just skip the fingerprint if I have to enter the password anyway.....    /stupid.
Yeah don't use it I think the fact that i have to renew the touch id is cause one app to crash all the time because it doesn;t have the in app purchase authorised
"Try toggling the iTunes &amp; App Store switch:
Settings - General - Passcode &amp; Fingerprint (enter Passcode) - Fingerprints - iTunes &amp; App Store"
I toggled the App Store switch off and now it's grayed out and I can't turn it back on I'm not sure what to do.
Go to "Settings - iTunes and App Store", and make sure you're logged in correctly there, and if you're not on wifi, make sure to have the "Use Cellular Data" toggled on. Now, go back to Fingerprint and try to toggle the "iTunes and App Store" back on.
Thanks I signed out of iTunes and the App Store and signed back in and that solved the problem.
"Initial post: Nov 14, 2009 7:15:04 AM PST 

Charl says:

Ontrac has been a nightmare for me.

I have never had a problem with UPS, FedEx or any other carrier leaving packages on my door. Ever since Amazon made the switch to Ontrac, The package tracking always shows up Delivered, but there is no package to be found.

This has happened to my last two orders.

My bets are that the Ontrac delivery personnel has snipped these items. 

Why do I think so?

The first order tracking claimed that the item was left on the backdoor. Our backdoor is sealed off with a fence from the front of the house. A backdoor-left package would be impossible without trespassing, something I don't think any deliverer would do. Furthermore, it was for a car-specific Air filter. Days later, I receive the box in front of my house, CLEARLY already OPENED, probably because the Deliverer found that he couldn't use the product.

Fast forward to my second order this week, which I had 2day shipping to get by this weekend. I was disgusted to find another package that had been ""left at my door"" with no package to be found.

Amazon has ordered NEXT day replacement, for these items, but I like Amazon, and don't want them to suffer these unnecessary costs. They are losing a lot of money on my last orders because of these Thieves from Ontrac.

I'm in Los Angeles, CA. "
"Ladyjn13 says:

They cannot deliver consistently as promised, plus their customer service people are down right rude on the phone. Who cares if this is a time sensitive shipment, not OnTrac"
I was totally happy with Amazon - until they started using Ontrac. After three bad experiences with them, I've sent a complaint to Amazon. Something stinks. 
HUGE problems with Ontrac in San Jose as well. 5 misplaced packages in 8 days. Please make sure you are sending your complaints to both ONTRAC and AMAZON. When I called to complain, I was told I'm the only one who has reported any problems. 
I am having the same problem! According to the tracking system, the package was delivered, but I never received it. This is the first package from Amazon that has been shipped by ONTRAC, and prior to this I have never had a problem. I hope Amazon gets rid of ONTRAC mmediately
They should definitely switch back to their old service. I loved Amazon Prime and all of its goodness before this. 
Same problem for me. First package sent by Ontrac, the tracking says delivered but I didn't receive it. 
Just cancelled Prime Membership option due to Ontrac shipping issue, no thank you
I say bombard their customer service email with complaints - I have sent 3 emails about this issue everytime on trac lies or steals - I am thinking there are many more who are not complaining about the substandard service offered - RISE UP People 
People amazon is making a bad name for themselves by using ontrac for their 2nd day prime shipper. stick to ups…
Ontrac sucks. Do not renew your Prime membership. You pay $80/year to get your packages lost and late.
. I experienced the samething. They claim "attempt" but leave no notice and the door bell did not ring at all. I wonder if they really did make an "attempt".
same problem with Ontrac. 2 orders 2 lost items, showed delivered but not. If Amazon keeps shipping with them I will stop and order items from someone else.
I now have a lost package due to OnTrac as well (already contacted Amazon support and OnTrac customer service). Given all these problems I wonder how much cheaper it really is to use OnTrac when they have to replace this many items. 
Amazon doesn't care this post started in Nov 2009. It's coming on a year of poor or no service and Amazon has done nothing. 
That is the crux of the issue and the most troubling thing. Gizelle is right.
I cancelled my Prime membership after ONTRAC repeatedly failed to deliver my packages to my door. 
Why do i not believe "OnTrac Rob"? Second time with problems. "Delivery attempted" when I was home all day??? CANCEL THEIR CONTRACT! 
I have always had problems with OnTrac. The latest is Amazon shipped something on 11/21 via OnTrac with delivery 11/23. It's now 11/26 and OnTrac states they're still waiting for the package. They are truly horrendous! Never had AND delivery issues with UPS, USPS or FedEx!
I'm scared that the order I just put in for next day delivery (to be delivered this Saturday) is going to be serviced by OnTrac. Had a horrible time trying to get my package last time and finally got it the day I left on a 2 week trip. Terrible company, terrible customer service. 
I'm not interested in an ass-kissing from a PR person. Your parcel service sucks. I've already lodged a complaint with the BBB, and with Amazon. Hope it's the one that causes you to lose your contract with Amazon.
269 posts as of this moment. Amazon stands by ONTRAC. Amazon shows indifference to its customers. Everyone: cancel your 2 Day Prime. Maybe Amazon will start to care.
yeah, UPS and Fedex never have issues with getting into our gate, but ontrac just can't seem to figure it out....
Another Ontrac botch today. Had three Amazon packages, one via Fedex and the other two via Ontrac. Fedex package there on schedule as expected. Ontrac packages marked in online tracking as "Delivered / Mailbox" midday. Neither of them was in my mailbox or anywhere else in the vicinity. I've given up talking to Ontrac about botched deliveries so contacted Amazon directly. 
I too have become victim of this ONTRAC b.s. I've never had any problems with UPS, FEDEX, or USPS. Atleast Amazon made me feel better. 
I also received email on the weather situation causing a delay. I have "chatted" with Amazon support person and registered my complaint. 
I'm officially done with Amazon, until they get rid of ontrac. They should at least give us an option to choose the delivery service, and let the free market show them how few people really want ontrac to deliver their package. As long as Amazon forces me to use ontrac, I will exercise my freedom to shop somewhere else. It is too bad, really. I really prefer shopping here. 
I ordered something that was suppose to arrive the day it came out and ontrac said it would be delivered by 8pm that day. They didn't come tell after 8pm. Atleast I got it that day, but you would think they could get it delivered before 8pm this time of year
I ordered something that was suppose to arrive the day it came out and ontrac said it would be delivered by 8pm that day. They didn't come tell after 8pm. Atleast I got it that day, but you would think they could get it delivered before 8pm this time of year
I also live in Los Angeles and have had nothing but headaches from OnTrac! Their customer service is horrible! 
I also live in Los Angeles and have had nothing but headaches from OnTrac! Their customer service is horrible! 
"I ordered from Amazon and ONTRAC was the carrier.
I feel, ONTRAC is NOT at all reliable and customer care professionals are straight rude on your face.. 
I was told by a customer care representative ""I don't care how much you paid for your package"", Can you believe this!!

-Kartik "
Horrible experience. Like others, I live in an urban apartment complex that requires someone -- resident or manager -- buzz you in. I imagine many amazon customers fit this profile, so I can't understand why Amazon hasn't addressed this. Most recently, the delivery driver couldn't manage to work the call pad at the main entrance two days in a row... so he just left. After calling their customer service number, a rep did me a favor by having the driver return to attempt delivery again but couldn't give a time period. Just "sometime today." So if I want to get my order I have to cancel my plans and sit by the phone waiting for this driver to arrive? Ridiculous. What is the point of using them for any residential deliveries? You have to be home when they deliver and they refuse to give you a rough delivery time? UPS, FedEx, and even the good ole postal service don't work this way. In the future, I won't be ordering through Amazon unless I know it won't come through ONTRAC. 
"

Ontrac says a package that should have been delivered yesterday was out for delivery yesterday AND today, and yet I don't have my package. With this experience and the comments here, I think I will cancel my Amazon Prime subscription. In fact, I just change my Prime membership to not automatically renew. I've been a Prime customer for about 5 years, but this is probably the end of it unless Amazon fixes this problem. "
I spent over $15000 with Amazon last year. If this Ontrac bullcorn keeps up, that amount is going to be a hell of a lot lower.
This is the same thing that happened to me! They guy that brought my package the next day said that they delivered next door by accident. I know it's a lie because my neighbor would have brought it over to me. We are very close. This is just unacceptable and Amazon seems to not be willing to do anything about it. I will be canceling my Prime service. 
This is the same thing that happened to me! They guy that brought my package the next day said that they delivered next door by accident. I know it's a lie because my neighbor would have brought it over to me. We are very close. This is just unacceptable and Amazon seems to not be willing to do anything about it. I will be canceling my Prime service.
"I ended up canceling my Prime account. Amazon to their credit refunded my Prime subscription fee. Granted I had only been a member for a month, but I really do appreciate it. If and when Amazon drops Ontrac I will become a Prime member again.

I wish that someone from Amazon would comment in this forum about this issue. It's just too odd that we all are having the exact same problems. "
"I ended up canceling my Prime account. Amazon to their credit refunded my Prime subscriptionHi all,We want to give you more control over the videos you upload to YouTube. Now, instead of publishing your video automatically we will give you the chance to click “Publish” when you are ready. Before you publish a video we will give you time to input the title, change the privacy, add a description, and create a custom message to send to your subscribers. You will be able to decide when the video is ready to go live, and then, publish it! Until you tell us to publish your video, we'll treat it as private so it’ll be visible only to you. If you keep the video private or unlisted, you will see the button Done to finish the upload or Share to privately share your video. 
I try to watch a video but it won't work, it say playback error. It started after the iOS 7.1 update. If you can help me, thanks or give me any info.
Try rebooting your phone
I'm not happy that I have a copyright strike on my account that's from July 30th last year and it's stopping me accessing the full features of my YouTube channel.  I do the copyright school test everyday now but still no removal of the strike. I have checked to see if I have a sanction 2 or 3 but only see the 1 strike. Could it be that I'm permanently banned from the YouTube features because I uploaded content from MGM? Your help please, Richard.
Normally its 6 months but YT has that option to extend the time period for any amount they choose. It took a year for one of mine to be removed once
I'm trying to play videos on my Galaxy Note 10.1 and every time I get the error message "currently Unable to play video, stop the other video and try again." Which is really confusing as I'm not playing any other videos, I've cleared the cache, disabled, re-enabled but still nothing. Someone please help before I launch my pad across the room. 
Me too! Ugh
yes wouldn't play  movie downloaded from Google Play and it wouldn't play anything from vimeo or YouTube.  I took it back to Best Buy as I just bought the 2013 10.1 with insurance and when I was in the store everything was working fine now I'm at a freinds home it doesn't work again.
I did a reboot on my galaxy 10.1 2013 version and everything started working might try this
Did anyone get a proper solution to this? Not just restart.
I went to applications and went to youtube then settings and cleared the cache on the youtube app then uninstalled updates and it said it was restored to the factory app. Works great now! Hope all this makes sence. You might check your pop up settings also
Just clear all recent app
Is it possible to see the complete list of videos I've watched? even the deleted ones?
Hi, did you ever figure out how to resolve this issue or did YT fix it? I am having the same problem where the previous channel art will not go away, even though I deleted it from G+. Thanks!
How did you get it to work, may I ask? I do not have enhance photos selected and my white background is Grey >.<. I have re-uploaded also and saved in different formats. The auto-enhance is never selected.
I would really like to see a "play all" button on my youtube subscriptions pages, and on subscription lists as well.  This would be such a handy feature and I am honestly surprised it hasn't been implemented yet, which is why I am finally bringing it up.  Anyone else think this would be a good idea?
YES! YES! YES! A "play all" button on the subscription feed is *AN ESSENTIAL AND ABSOLUTE MUST*!!!
I've juste got 4 videos rejected & Idk why.No info at all. I want to know WHY are my videos rejected, they've been online for a month, and now that that have some views, they are rejected.Please enlight me.
You know they were rejected, but you weren't notified they were rejected? The notification tells you the "why" part. What were the video URLs?Without more information, no one can possibly guess which of hundreds of rules some unknown videos violated.      ; )
Nope. No notification at all. Nothing on youtube, nothing on gmail.
Every one of them has the notification that, "This video has been removed because its content violated YouTube's Terms of Service.You had download links .... are you authorized to provide those downloads?
I don't quite understand. I did provided accurate and complete informations for my account and I hardly doubt that anybody would have done smth bad with this account..
I CAN"T GET ONE PLEASE HELP I NEED IT!
Hello, I've been waiting two days for my video to upload, which was due in yesterday; however it's still only 20% done and it says I still have to wait 5669 minutes. I'm really not happy. What can I do?
You probably need to start over.Its hard to know if the upload issue is YouTube or a crummy Internet Service Provider who is throttling YouTube videos
I can play videos with a low CPU usage with the VLC web plugin but other wise since the last google update a few days ago the CPU usage has suddenly gone from 50% to 99% when playing videos.I thought I'd better put a link to this thread since its about Youtube. I've got the problem with Chrome with pepperflash and Firefox on HTML5 and use Windows XPChrome forces cpu to 100% watching youtube. IE 8 only uses 20% cpu for same vid Here's a thread mentioning Brightcove and Adobe's multiple partners!
Doing anything on YT now seems to consume a lot of CPU.
I forgot to mention its not just firefox. I've been getting 100% CPU usage with dailymotion and metacafe videos and also the BBC iplayer since the last Chrome update.How can a Chrome update make youtube HTML5 videos on firefox slow?I ought to install Adobe Flash for IE8 and see how that goes.
Seems to be a chrome problem. You can send feedback to the chrome-team at Chrome-menu > Tools > report a problem or (if you know how to do it properly) file a bug at crbug.com
Eagerly looking forward to this thread being either totally ignored by Chrome developers or given the same "Have You Tried Plugging Your Modem Directly Into Your Xbox" boilerplate bullshit that every other technical issue thread on Chrome forums receives.
How can I change the video quality? I looked on the help page but it said click three squares that don't even exist, can someone help as I can't bare the buffering
When I try to delete my Youtube account following the directions Google made, when I click on Advanced settings, it just has my channel URL, Youtube User ID, and Youtube Channel ID.  Under it, it says "Authorized sites to your Google Account," and "Sign out of all Youtube sessions."  There is no option to delete my account.  There, however, is that option on Google Plus, but I want to delete my Youtube account as well.  I am deleting my account because I want an account with no posted comments, and there is no option to delete all comments.  Help?
If you do not see the option to delete your YouTube channel in its YouTube settings / Advanced then that is because it is a Google+ Profile YouTube channel which can only be deleted when you delete the Google+ Profile using it.  This is done at Google using option 1.:
Hi, I tried both Firefox and chrome, logging out and back in, everything, but the editing of playlists doesnt work. any help?
YES IT WORKED! Removing cookies it worked!!!
Scroll to the very bottom of the page you are on and send feedback.
hanks i click send feedback o nthe left and reported it. on another computer it worked. but on mine not. i'll try to delete cookies too
YES IT WORKED! Removing cookies it worked!!!
 am working with a client who has a Google plus and YouTube channel. One of the team members is a manager on the account but is still struggling to upload videos.Why would this be?
What do you mean struggling to upload?  Are they using a compatible file extension?Maybe their bandwidth is bottlenecked and the time of day is not idea to upload.
i uploaded my youtube banner to youtube but on my pc then it broke and i need that banner is there a way that i  can download that banner off of youtube without using google+
"TV has recently had to be repaired under warranty. Set up iphone/ Android/ TV pairing following return after main board replaced. However there is a stuck entry in the list of paired TVs on both phones. Using the ""send To"" feature to push the video to the TV fails and the video just plays on the phones. 
I can add the TV as a new TV and this works fine. I can rename the broken TV pairing but I cannot delete it. This happens on both iOS and Android. To try and sort this I have: 1/. deleted app from TV and phones and re-installed - no change 
2/. logged out of the app on the phones and logged back in - no change 

I still have this orphaned TV listed which I can only rename but cannot delete and cannot now send video to. 

Please advise what the fix is? 

Thanks.
"
"Hi everyone. Thanks for all of your reports. I've spoken with our engineering team and there seems to be a few different issues going on here:
Newer devices have an auto-discovery mechanism, making it possible to play videos from your phone without having to manually pair. These devices will automatically show up and they can't be removed. 
If old screens are showing up on youtube.com/pair, that's a bug on our end and we're working on a fix.
If a screen is showing up on your mobile client but you're not able to connect to them or remove them then this would also be a bug. We're having a difficult time reproducing this on our end so if you're experiencing this issue, please let us know your device models as well as any steps you can provide to reproduce the issue.
"
For two weeks now I've been unable to subscribe to any channels, some are ones I was formally subscribed to that disappeared from my subscription list.
How do they work. I just got an add showing a song by a controversial artist called Rucka Rucka Ali. He is not a YouTube partner and has been banned number of times. So why would YouTube allow an add that advertises a man they want gone to be shown on their site?
HOW DO I UNLOCK WATCH LATER LIST AND MAKE IT PUBLIC ?
Hi, My subscriptions are not updating I have 107 subscriptions but not a single upload has appeared in the past 21 hours and I have checked and vidoes have come out but the page hasnt updated please help!
Guess im not the only one!! Fustrating
Yeah I two am experiencing this bullshit. I would like it to be fixed soon.
This issue is now fixed. Thanks for your patience
 fee. Granted I had only been a member for a month, but I really do appreciate it. If and when Amazon drops Ontrac I will become a Prime member again.

I wish that someone from Amazon would comment in this forum about this issue. It's just too odd that we all are having the exact same problems. "
I had amazon send me packages through ontrac for about two weeks now, I've been using amazon prime for nearly a year. Ontrac already lost a package of mine in their system. Amazon rectified the situation, but I'm still upset. I hope amazon will stop using ontrac as a carrier because their service is much less reliable than UPS/FedEx/USPS imho. I never had a package completely lost until this happened. Shame on amazon/ontrac. 
Pissed.
I have never had problems with Amazon.com purchases till Ontrac delivered them. They are posted as delivered and I never received them. I have no idea where they were delivered too. Luckily, Amazon.com's customer service was nice enough to issue a full refund, but I will avoid Ontrac like the plague. 
"I am so sick of dealing with ontrack. Pay for 1 day shipping and get it 4 days later? WTH, and it's NEVER 2 day shipping. I'm on day 5 and the second call about this pkg. They sent a message to the Driver Friday and he still didnt deliver. I waited though monday, it's now tuesday, and they still cant contact the driver to see why he wont deliver my pkg. I have complained 5 times with 5 different deliveries and I'm so sick of being upset over them. I'm not sure I'll ever pay for a prime membership again if they keep using ontrac. It's not worth the stress. 
I live in SLC Utah. "
"How do you avoid using Ontrac with it's Amazon chosing this shipping company for prime members? If there is a way, please share. Ontrac Sucks!

Amazon, PLEEEAASE STOP USING ONTRAC!!!! "
"LOL, The rep I talked too forgot to put me on hold and I heard her comments when she thought I couldnt hear. Sooo unprofessional. They blame customers for being upset, and not realizing they have a problem.

Sink-ship, Sink! "
I have been using the slowest shipping option, and so far, that's worked for avoiding Ontrac. 
July is the month to not order. If fact I will probably cancel my membership then and will only start a new membership when they DUMP Ontrack 
I am so furious about this. This is the first time I've had to use this horrid Ontrac service, and I'm canceling every order that tries to ship through it. I order a rather large amount of money from amazon but the idea that they flat out lied about delivering a product is outrageous. 
"Ontrac lost my package on route to me and now they are looking for it. Wow they are horrible at what they do.

Update: After telling me they lost it, I just recieved it two minutes ago. Sounds like they are not at all synced up. Probably need to work on their communication in house first. Atleast I received my package though. "
Actually they are great at what they do, because what they do is consistently lose or incorrectly deliver packages. What a bunch of morons. 
You aren't kidding when you say that the HP techs are clueless
I was hung up on FOUR times while either on hold or while being transferred.
This feature has been down for months!
I'm not going to buy another HP computer.
Couldn't get hold of tech support.
I too find some of your comments offensive
The problem with HP is everything they build is from out of the country.
Most of the guys who have problem with India tech support mark my words ... by any Dell
I can understand them.
I also had a bloody experience with a customer service rep, an Indian
I did not mean to offend anybody nor do I hold the language issue against the Indian people
I don't press "1" for English to get Indian.
I am doing a disk recovery of my laptop
I have had to uninstall and reinstall the software/drivers provided by HP
That printer losing connection was what was plaguing me
I was duped to purchase HP extended tech support
You really can't fix a disc, its already burned
I don't think ANY website has the power to disconnect a visitor from the Internet, does it?
Yes they can and do sometimes
If they don't offer any help, then you'll obviously have to check the other two.
Amazon have taken a note of the problem but won't do anything
I cleared the cache on my phone and I can now connect without a problem.
what the heck is an LDAP account ???
I'm on the phone with Apple. Be aware they do put you through the wringer but AFAIK, it's working in ios 7.
I do have another iphone which is still on IOS6
Let's see if Cnet members report back if this helped them.
My Win 7 64bit loses my printer at random times
I'd use the canned air on the heat sinks and if that didn't cure it, replace the old heat sink compound
Thanks for the suggestion wink
I've only been at this for a few decades so I'll keep a watch for such an issue
Thank you R. Proffitt and Willy, the model number is HP Pavilion S3431.UK (KP324AA-ABU) if that's any help.
Sorry but I've picked up such at Fry's, Staples, Radio Shack,
my hp Pavilion G6 is not charging the battery it is showing pluged in
If a HP battery and HP charger fail to work then you try the usual clean the contacts
after some time when n=battery goes down laptop will start a charging a battery automatically
so don't take panic about it.
You go for the Intel in this case
got someone on the phone within 2 mins,
My HP2605 printer is having trouble loading cardstock
replace the usual rubber rollers. Service is usually more expensive than a new printer.
I need buy a new laptop
You'll want to avoid this one.
See, the A6-4400M APU has an integrated Radeon GPU
Well thanks a lot for your help
I get simple error msg "Windows Security Center cannot be turned on"
You didn't say what version of Windows you're using.
My number pad is acting strangely. I am using a HP Pavilion DV7.
Try booting to Safe Mode & running antivirus full scan
If you no longer have it, you can download it from the HP web site
when power source is switched on,there is a monitor status box
Cnet should really make a review on this laptop
Not long ago my last HP was found to have a flaw. 8 hours on the phone and back to HP.
I downloaded ios7 to my iPhone 5 and I really don't like it,the animation on the home screen makes me dizzy every time it's unlocked or I open an app and I just want to go back to the software it came already on it?
"Sorry, but downgrading any version of iOS is not supported.
 
Regards."
nope
You can turn the paralax feature off if it makes you dizzy.
Seriously? Apple please give us a way back. The entire UI is giving me a headache. What a design disaster. How did this happen? Never would have expected something this poor from Apple.
"Seriously. Apple has never provided downgrading. This is why it's usually recommended that you not jump immediately into any major upgrade. You can try searching the web and you may find some suggestions as to how to hack a downgrade, if you're that determined, but if you cause yourself problems, you'll be on your own.
 
Regards."
How do I turn the parallax feature off? What about if I reset the phone or will that still keep the update?
"It's not really possible to downgrade from one specific iOS to another, and if you come across a way to do it on the Internet or something, I wouldn't recommend it, as it would probably be pretty risky. Resetting the phone doesn't change the iOS.
 
You can turn off the 'parallax effect' by going to Settings > General > Accessibility > Reduce Motion.
 
Try and enjoy iOS 7. It may take some time to get used to, but it has a lot of great, new features!"
Can you not make a full backup onto your computer before you update, and then use that to fully restore your device to before you installed iOS7?
Turned off parallax, enabled bold font, increased type size, dark gray background and lowered brightness almost all the way down and it's getting better. Easier on the eyes anyway.
No, that doesn't work.
Agreed, iOS 7 is a design disaster. I don't resist change, when it comes to tech. This is how we move forward. But the interface design is such a horrible failure that I'm surprised. Their hardware is still head and shoulders above the competition. But from a UI perspective, iOS 7 is shockingly bad.
hi
I won the iPod on FB and they didn't give me a worinty!
And that would have what to do with the subject of this thread, exactly?
can you not make a full backup onto your computer before you update, and then use that to fully restore your device to before you installed iOS7?
Hi followed what you put. Made it a bit easier although I think the full ios7 is a joke. I will be trying to go back to ios613 when I get home. Can we not go back to original settings instead of cartoon characteristic style like?
Hi all. I think the ios 7 is a joke. All the apps are very cartoon characteristic style which I don't like. Can anyone help me I've gone through the new settings but the time has come up in usa time I think and I'm in the uk. The uk clock is showing in my clock app but won't let me change the time :a. Anyone help please?
Agreed, it looks like apple is trying to corner the 5-13 market with their new style.
Yes Definately. No impressed one bit. Figured out how to do the time ha! It's hurting my eyes everytime I send a message on here now or even look at my phone with the silly apps now! Bring back ios6 Definately!
I wish Apple would reconsider and give us Loyal customers a legit way to go back to iOS 6 from this graphical  nightmare that is iOS 7. Please reconsider before you loose yet another customer, I used to love my phone. Now it's ruined by iOS 7. It's like stepping back into the 90's , the built in graphics in Pascal. It's that bad. :( . Please give us a way back from this mistake .
"Surface aesthetics are only about 10% of the new IOS7, the remaining 90% are upgrades for APP infrastructure which will support expansive APPs and capacities unrealized in the former IOS.
 
Consider the 90% in light of the 10% aesthetic you find subjectively unpleasing"
"Parallax is not causing the nausea/dizzyness. It's the apps flying in to the screens. And the flying in movements going into the apps.
I have the same problem.
Would like to switch that off.  Or go back to IOS 6."
the same problem with those flying apps on my side. It makes me sick. Literally.
"100% of the time I want usability. What has changed under the hood is not interesting for most, I assume.
 
iOS7 has ruined the good usability"
"What am I missing?  I reduced motion, but things are still flying and zooming around my screen.
 
They really are missing the ""aging"" market... "
I have a pounding headache too and just realized it's from the crazy moving icons and screens every time I do anything
If you have your backup still in iTunes or in iCloud.... Restore with that.
So why did you upgrade knowing full well what the update was going to look like? There was plenty of information on the WEB, the Apple site including videos of the new OS. Yet you, yourself, not Apple, chose to do the upgrade to IOS 7. Live with YOUR decision.
Driving in traffic must be a nightmare for you with all those moving cars, signs, shubbery and people.
"Apple please listen to us .
 
IOS 6 look was far better .
give two options if you want : one for the 5-13 yr oldswith your current cartoon like fascia ,
and
one developed and nurtured over a long time  .
We over 13's like the way the iphone looked in IOS 6.
You didnt need to change that .
As far as all the upgrading you have done to the camera and airplay etc, that is very welcome , that is what we expect from forward moving technology. Well done and thank you for trying
Do not destroy the classy ,classical appearence of the iphone fora very superficial , nondescript screen!
 
My 13 yr old daughter loves it,  but i hate it . i pay for it , so if you dont listen i will have to think :-)"
"Sorry to tell you Apple is not here
 
This is a user to user forum and we can do nothing to help you
 
If you wish to tell Apple post at http://www.apple.com/feedback/
 
Allan"
"I got the message that an update was available. I selected yes without going to the web to look at the new features. I assumed that Apple would not change the graphic interface to reassemble a phone from a cartoon. Your right my bad for not looking. However, why leave millions of users with the inability to change the appearence to one that is more user friendly. Give us the option to use iOS6 graphics and fonts would be one huge step forward. I for one am having a had time with the light grey font, the grey folders, and the inability to change the font to bold in anything other then messages, emails, selecting bold or increase fonts only applies to text within an app not wallpaper / desktop features.
 
Just my 2 cents to this response blaming everyone who like me assumed that Apple was leading edge."
It is posible but hard. I tried but i lost everything on my iPad and i cant sync. it back so i have lost everything on my iPad. But if You are better than me on eletrical devises You are probaly gong to sucksee.
Well I did post a link to the instructions on how to go back to iOS6 but it looks like it was deleted. Apple do not want you to change I guess? But if you google it then you will find them, you can go back if you want but I think without a full backup before you updated, you will loose all your data.
"Your post was in  violation of the TOU. Hence the reason it was deleted.
 
You might want to review the TOU again.
 
Allan"
How bout a bunch of us loyal iPhone users get together and throw them in a river, ocean, off a bridge, burn em, anything. Anything but this junk 7.0 update, my 4S i can't use it. It won't make a call or anything. IT'S JUNK NOW!!!!
Does anyone elses iPhone die quicker since the IOS 7 has been put on? My hpone used to last a day and today it didnt last 4 hours.
"I've turned on BOLD TEXT and turned on REDUCE MOTION but for me it feels like more than just the zooms in and out... I'm getting sick just reading emails and texts or just glancing at the lock screen. It's intant nausea. The only thing I can think of is that it's something to do with refresh rate or frequency of the screen.
 
I thought I'd just get used to it but it has not subsided. I only hope I don't have to resort to backgrading to iOS 6 or worse, moving to a different brand of phone."
"I just noticed, on the lock screen they have just put the words EMERGENCY and DELETE on the bottom? They are just word stuck there with no indication they are buttons, whats wrong with making them buttons?
 
And the calender app, why has Apple concluded it's more usable for you to NOT be able to select the month or year direct, let alone day, instead you have to endlessly scroll through the hours of every day and month uless I'm missing something?
 
What was Ive and his team thinking? I can see the reason why Jobs insisted the iOS and iPhone design teams never spoke to each other."
Agreed.  The flying icons are the problem.  Seriously make me dizzy too.  Will try to go back to ios 6.  If that does not work will be moving to a new phone 100% for sure.   They need a way to turn off the the silly icon flying.  This is going to be a disaster for Apple and a HUGE win for Android and Microsoft.  Can't believe they blew it this bad. 
You're quite right, we all want upgrades to the actual operating system but why Apple decided to alter a classy look that was loved by users is a mystery,it now looks cheap and childlike. I especially detest the new safari, with the navigation bar at the bottom.
"My solutiuon: yesterday I went to the AT&T store near me and traded in my iOS 7 infected iPhone 5 for a new iPhone 5 with (old) iOS 6 on it.
 
The nausea went away IMMEDIATLY. I really didnt want to believe my beloved iPhone was making me this sick but there's the proof for me.
 
It goes way beyond the zooming and the paralaxing, it seemed to be something with a buzz or vibration (for lack of a better description) coming off the screen because even when I looked at the lock screen it made me feel awful."
"Please use www.apple.com/feedback and make your opinion known to Apple.
 
I agree with you on the UI. We need everyone that is as appalled by the new icons, colors, etc to let able know via the feedback mechanism.
 
Perhaps, over time, with enough feedback, Apple will offer some changes."
"Please please please
 
www.apple.com/feedback"
Agreed, the design is a big of a disaster as vista.
Not without voiding your warranty.
Not true. Has nothing to do with warranty. I went back and there are no issues.
Since Apple does not support downgrading iOS, you have violated the terms of use for the software and yes, you have voided your warranty, whether it matters to you or not. Your decision, it matters not to me.
Not sure how they would know.  Perhaps it would violate the license but the chance of anyone actually checking this out, assuming they even could, is slim to know I would bet. 
"Guys with any balls are shown no respect. Women think they rule the world yet complain they can't find dates.

The site is so full of angry, bitter women i feel sick when i have bothered to look at these forums.

I have kept hoping I might find some real information on the war of the sexs but there is so much negativity and hypocrasy, there is no way to find anything useful unless you have an iron stomach.

So if you really want to see true insanity on a date site, go to plenty of fish.

The site is run by a Nazi who thinks you have to be 'worthy' to be date.

This asshole thinks is a dating God."
Don't sound like the most friendly of message boards, I never have tried plenty of fish. I just visited it and it doesn't really look that good. Of course that is my first impression  Mr. Green
Just got a three-year ban on POF for the first forum infraction. What did I do? I told the truth. In the computer forum some user was complaining that when he uploaded his avatar to the site it seemed blurry. (In other words, the site converted his graphic in such a way that it lost resolution and was now blurry as a result.)
And the people who run online dating sites have the nerve to wonder why their business is in decline with no way to stop the losses. Well DUH!!!
POF is just a play site. Most people consider it little more than a sex site. Mostly what you have is a small pool of people taking turns "dating" each other. Women on the site are mostly looking for the guy a few notches above them. I'm sure for guys who enter the site thinking it's a dating site it can be quite frustrating. However, if you focus on women a few notches below yourself you can play there with quite some time. If you're looking for a reasonably equal match, you're wasting your time. It's a play site ... play. It's a fantasy land where BS is king.
For me honestly the plenty of fish site is a joke and anyone that goes on that site is either desperate or they want to cheat on whoever there going out with. I think all sites like that should be shut down. why cant people just find someone on there own. people that cheat on there gf/bf make me sick.
We all know that plenty of fish is not a dating service. It is a dating site and there is a difference. Dating services you pay for a "service", there is customer support, you CAN get in touch with them by phone, there is a physical address, and they DO NOT have forums that are insulting to other members. They are not customers on this site, the customer is his advertisers and while he is being paid by them why should he care. But now he is thinking of having a paid site..did you read that? He is sending so much business to his advertisers he thought heck why don't I start one. makes you wonder.
i sick ov the moderateors on there the delete ur account 4 nothin as talking away then logged out then wen to log in found out my account had been deleted by them ???? wits sat there saying wish i had that bird on my ME i knw i delete im so he cant hav her wat a bunch ov IDOTS really got me had loads ov freinds on there get a life moderators
god I'm so f-cking pleased to read some of the comments on here. N4ZI mods is a phrase IVE been repeating to myself. 
Yes, I would agree. The rules are unfair. I am frequently banned for lame reasons while others break the rules. The moderators don't have a handle on the forums. People pretend to be writing about certain topics but most of the time they are just waiting to bash a fellow poster. I was bashed and bashed and bashed. I call it cyber bullying.
Yup all I get from after reporting problems to their site (i'm a web developer for over 20 yrs) and proving it was their problem is useless moderators quickly blocking my posts when i politely informed them of problems...
Well actually PlentyOfFish.com in general is a damn joke. I mean, they think a Whale and a crab, etc are fish!! (their fish personalities). They are so dumb!!! I got deleted for who knows what reason for like the 3rd damn time. I've been on another communicating sit for 8 frickin years, not really a dating site, but can be if you wanted it to be. I can't go like 1 year on POF without being deleted, and do nothing different on POF than I do the other. Maybe they didn't like that I called them "D/A's"in my headline regarding the Whale not being a fish! Well I aint bothering with that grabage site again
"


I agree. The quality of the site has degraded highly in the last few years.

What is it about dating sites that only care about quantity? 

How about QUALITY?

I used to be on True but now I'm on Mate1. It's nice to know the guy is able to actually pay for a membership. Am I shallow? Maybe. Maybe I'm just tired of deadbeats and I need a way to weed out the bad ones. Wink

Goldi"
"


The site is the same as it was when it started. The people have changed and you may have failed to change with it.

POF is not any different than another dating site. It works by what you put into it. If you're not personally screening your potential matches then you will naturally get screwed over. I feel no pity for you.

You get out of POF what you put into it. If you make a nice profile to get your foot in the door, that's perfect.

If you make exceptions that everyone is different and at least try and date as many as you can to get a feel for how people's differences are. That's great.


If you keep things honest from the get go. Another good job.


If you set your rules from the start and he/she still sticks around. Good you're on the right track.

Your rules should not be ridiculous. They should be normal rules that most people have like, no sex on the first date, nothing irrational and you should be fine.

The site is not so much a site that does the work for you. You have to put in the work. It's like walking through the mall and window shopping. You find something you like you don't just buy it. You check it out and see if it is exactly what you are looking for. 

Much in the same fashion if it ends up not working out for you, you would return that merchandise.


Treat POF the same way but realize that every man and woman is different and you'll get results. 

Stop *censored*ing about how you think the site is retarded. You're probably not doing it right. Learn to change. Also, to the guy whining about the moderator ban, pick and choose your battles man, pick and choose your battles.Even if you're right sometimes it's not always the right time to speak, or the right way."
WOW!!!!!!!!!! Why don't get out from behind the computer and go into the real world and met real people that you can touch....people on the internet twist the truth to meet their own needs but at the end of the day this is their very undoing. Once they meet the other person and realize they are just a figment of the imagination all there can be is disappointment and heart ache... what do you think.
"I joined POF as after reading the forums I thought they looked fun, within a week I'd received my first ban for ""soft trolling"". Someone tipped me off about a site called pofusers.com which is a spin off forum with less strict rules. http://www.pofusers.com
"
"I joined POF, a couple years ago since it was free.. thought there was nothing to loose... I was wrong... I lost my time. After 2 years, I decided to quit wasting my time and erased my account... only they don't let you erase it completely. Your details are gone and no more emails but the account is still there. When you try to erase they basically ask are you sure you want to give up. Like on dating or on life... what a joke!

Of the few women that I contacted, a couple were in a relationship, a couple accused me of not reading their profile (which was the only reason I contacted them as they were not great for appearance). Most of the others did not respond. Most users block people from contacting them as well.

I did read some of the forums and replied but they were frustrating... like say the ask a girl/guy area which would let you spend time writing a reply only to never have it posted because of a max reply limit. WTF. They couldn't let me know before wasting my time?

They now have a special gold seal rating for serious pay users. I guess if you don't mind wasting yor money.
They now also require you to enter your income level in your profile for those gold diggers.
The last straw was when they instituted this thing where people vote on if a post is ok.
I had made a couple posts for fun which should have been fine only to have them voted out and removed without a trace.

Essentially, they are allowing a few users to essentially run the forums as they wish.

I would like to get togeather a small group of users who would bascally vote down every post made there just for fun and to see how that effects their user base.

I will not be joining any more dating websites, that does not mean that I have given up on dating...i just find that I would wrather go out and meet people."
"I can't believe this utter CRAP I am reading. Guys saying only women are crazy (and flocking to Plenty of Fish apparently) and are only good for sex?!?! Well dudes, YOU are the ones we are mad at and trying to avoid. You are the ones that make us act ""crazy"".. ""Crazy"" of course meaning not taking your BS. 
Want an example?

One guy up there said ""it is good for a booty call with an average looking woman and that's about it"".
1. Who are YOUR parents, I bet you are real gorgeous yourself. Even if you ain't a hypocrite (smart money says you are though), what kind of moronic loser judges people solely on what they look like?
2. Ever thought these women could be just bad/clueless at dating?! And not REALLY existing to have occasional sex with some retard, but are sick of WAITING for a guy to actually NOT be.. just.. like.. you?

Am I crazy now? Only women are crazy according to you guys. You can treat the women how ever you want and call it ""play"" and if she has a problem with it or has an actual mind you throw her in the crazy pile. That is IF she isn't already thrown in the FAT pile for not having an eating disorder, or the AVERAGE pile for not being like the poster kids in panties you wank to nightly.... 
And you guys do all this without realizing you are the very reason the site SUCKS and it makes women bitter.

Scroll up a bit and look at the guy that can't spell the word ""of"" insulting other people. Yeah this is clearly better, more literate and nicer than the ""literally insane"" POF forums. They did the right thing banning you people lol. But you don't even see it."
"

You sound kind of bitter yourself, pal. And your spelling sucks.
I noticed the ""Nazi"" attitude in the profile instructions - ""Description (Mandatory)"" - hilarious.
But the people using the site seem genuine. I've met one, friends of mine several...
Sure, there's an assortment of wackos - just like anywhere else.
But your posts probably got pulled for bad spelling, and bad attitude... Wink"
"The site is free and you get what you pay for. I have chatted with some nice girls on it but they weren't for me but they would make a great friend. The guys will often complain that girls never message back. The women often complain that guys are prejudice of big women. Can't ask for much with free so it takes a lot of work to make something good happen. I personally think it's easier to meet someone in real life but the problem there is that you don't have a list of common interests with people. Most people don't message each other. The ones that I personally know who have met people on the site are people who have done the mass message copy and paste send thing. Which I'm not a fan of because I read everyone's bio and contact people who I'm seriously interested in.

Honestly there is a lot of dirt bag guys on the site. I personally know some. I'm a guy myself and one of the good ones but with so many bad guys ruining it for others, it scares the girls away. I was hoping to meet a nice friend and hopefully find a girlfriend in the future. My profile is written very nice and I get a lot of compliments on it. But Dating Websites are tough to be successful in. All I have to say is the usual, don't ignore the red flags, trust your gut, and most of all don't sleep with a guy on your first dates! Forum is full of angry women who didn't know any better and the guy takes off. You do know that condoms don't protect from all diseases right? "
"The forums are full of judgemental people that will insult anyone who does not fit in their perfect world, the women want sheer perfection and if you cant deliver all four (house, car, well paid job, 6ft +) you are basically shunned and kicked to the curb from the get go. Even biggest loser contestants hidden behind bbw on that site want perfect men.

I've stopped using the site as its obviously for damaged people who live in a fantasy world, however the thing what makes me laugh is at the end of the day. These people are the same ones who will end up being more older and bitter, looking back and wondering why they still have no one to love and will die all alone  LOL 

As others said, go out in the real world. Women online on those sites are totally different than women in the real world."
"


I'm from the UK and pof is not a barrel of laughs from this side of the world and the women are just as picky and obsessed with a man with loads of money.and possessions like the American women on the site. All you have to do is read the forum to see how angry and pathetic women on that site really are, which I have met a couple of women from that site and all I can say is send the damage goods away and let some other unlucky guy get stuck with trash.

Plenty of fish probably has good genuine women on there but they hide themselves very well.

Sam
  "
I've been often to POF and I can only comment that I find it extremly entertaining. I have rarely laughed so much about the way people set them selves up for ridicule. It is amazing. When ever I'm feeling down, I'll as soon as not, switch on my PC and tune in to another exciting episode of POF humour.
"I wonder if it's possible to show ONLINE NOW status without actually being online. I found my bf's username online and he totally denied it and was furious.
"
"My God man it's all for free and better than the pay sites....... What Nazis in this world are you talking about ? Nobody likes being slammed and if you want to it should not be on the site of the person being slammed. POF is a place where the vast majority of people are normal decent folks who are looking for some company. No one is bugging you for money or anything else. Can't you just accept the free usage as a gift ?
"
"


The moderators at Plenty of Fish are on a power trip and have a screw loose. I had my forum posting privelages revoked because I had a very pleasant date and wrote about it as a Pof success story. I made up a nickname for my date to preserve her privacy and my posting privelages were revoked for ""giving out contact information"" about my date. The CIA could not have identified my date from any information that I provided. They are not all single guys. The one who was on my case was female. They behave like powerdrunk 13 yr old kids."
I have been on pof for quite a while - and have met some lovely people there - have even found love - it's what u make it.x
"


It's not so much the forums that get me but more the kinds of people you meet on the site and their ridiculous expectations!

The women, for instance, have a range of issues. First, if they're on the site, then it's 99% likely that they:

1) Are young with kids looking for a guy who will be the breadwinner of the family while she stays at home taking care of Vanity and Brooklyn.

2) Have insecurity/psycho issues. They either declare their undying love to you within the first week of exchanges, before you've even met and stick onto you like an online limpet, or they make up the most insane of bs like they have ties with famous celebrities, they've been in so many foreign places, they turned down a chance to strip for Playboy, etc.

3) The most annoying ones I hate are the girls who string you along, being all friendly, but keep up making excuses about not to meet until they agree to meet a guy they actually like. I'd much rather be told that they're not interested instead of getting sugar-coated excuses.

4) Girls who go for ""bad boys"" then complain about how they're treated like sh!t. I think they have redefined bad to mean cheeky, playful and a minor kind of rebel. No, girls, that's not why they're called bad boys. They're bad because they're bad, as in, lousy players who will charm for sex, neglect their partners and are the kind of arrogant pricks you see trying to pick fights on Saturday nights while they wait for court hearings on previous assault charges. You want to see a real bad boy? Go to your local jail and see how cheeky and naughty they really are.

With guys you get the same stories (told to me by female friends, I don't swing that way!): players, pervs (my girl still gets hit on by guys old enough to be her dad) and out-and-out neanderthals who think typing like children complete with names like ""babe"" is going to be a hit with the ladies."
"


I suppose plentyoffish is as good or bad as any dating site.

Anyone who is single and looking for a partner is walking through a minefield, no matter what medium they use to meet people.
You can meet total fakes, bitter and disillusioned people and totally unsuitable parteners at work, parties, bars, newspapers and traditional dating agencies.

I think plentyoffish has a major advantage in having more people than most net dating sites. This is big if you live in a regional area.
The fact that it's free allows many more men and women to sign up and message, who wouldn't normally do so because of net skepticism. 
I suppose it also encourages more unwanted messages because of this but it's a workable compromise.

The forums on POF are another thing completely.
They've degenerated into a disgraceful arena of cyber bulling that makes an unmoderated yahoo chatroom look tame.

For years, moderators have been on the biggest ego trip of their lives.
Up till a year or two back, people could officially put their opinions or comments on the moderators profile. 
It was astonishing how wonderful, marvelous, brilliant, talented, fair, interesting, beautiful, loyal and special they were seen as by these ""friends""
Some clever people realized that by showering the appropriate moderator with lavish praise and is some cases, with attractive women, the hint of closer friendship.
Moderators are in a position of power, and naturally, many, if not most people looked up to them. 
This is a natural phenomena, especially with many single vulnerable women, and to an extent, men too.

There are many rules of law and ethics governing the conduct of people in positions of power and influence and there are strict rules as to qualifications and training.
The moderators on this site have no such limitations or qualifications.

A few previous posters pointed out what eventually happened.
Controlling people in each forum partition have formed little clique bully gangs and as stated previously, report anyone who disagree with them for even the tiniest infraction of the rules. They do this constantly and have been doing so for years.
When these people are reported for outrageous abusive behavior, their posts (the evidence) is removed and at worst, they’ll get banned from posting for a week or so. Usually nothing happens.

Moderators have often defended themselves and been defended by claiming they’re doing an unpaid job for the community. 
Henry Ford once said, “People always have two reasons for doing something, the noble reason and the real reason.”

Steer well clear of POF forums. 

Despite the massive wealth accumulated by the owner of this site, he still pays the same peanuts to the same monkeys with the same disgusting results.

After personally seeing what goes on in there, I’m gob smacked that there hasn’t been a run of defamation and cyber bullying cases against the place. 
"
"I read the forums for a good laugh. Just reading some of profiles of the people are fun, 1 guy on there all but said the site was for losers, but yet he is still there.
"
"


I swear, I think this site attracts little more than lying, manipulative idiots because it's Free, so every piece of crap who's single for a reason can afford it --- I mean, seriously, about 90% of you (yep, women, too!) should actually have signed up for a Sex/Swinger site, right? 



OMG, who wants to date this guy  Question"
"I agree. I have been on this site a little over 2 months. I am an older woman, just trying to meet and date, told I am very attractive, make a great living, happy, no baggage and what do I get. Stood up at least 4 x now. Know its nothing I said cuz didnt even get out of the door. Was wondering if it was my age, but my younger friends told me that it happens to them as well on this site. I am thinking of going off the site. These men that stood me up have good jobs, appear to be intelligent during speaking. I think these people that are behaving badly should be called on it some way so that other women/men can stay clear. If you have proof the person stood you up why cant the person be listed so others would know. If you go out with a person that has been reported multiple times, then you deserve what you get. Maxie
"
Take a look at the profile application on POF and you'll see all the opportunities for people to post lies. There's not one man on this planet that's capable of telling the truth on dating sites. The last guy I met off POF lied about his name!! LADIES, before you let ANYBODY off that site touch you, make sure you see a driver's license!! From that you can get their real name and date of birth. Then you can do a search for really cheap at Personal Property Registry and find out if they've got any child support orders registered against them. If someone has a problem with showing you their I.D., RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That site is a total cesspit full of sackless foot-lickers and the queen bee single moms who get worshipped by them. Avoid.
"As a man, I have experimented with this site. I used two accounts: one with my real pics and another with a random guy who was slightly chubby and not so attractive. 

I received messages from a lot of single parent mothers whom where seemingly insecure on the profile with my own pic. I received a few messages from some fairly attractive girls who later stopped replying for whatever reason. I also received a message from someone outside the UK randomly telling me I was quote 'cute'. Random, but basically sums this site up: fantasy.
One thing I hated was that women seemed to complain about being sent just 'hi how are u?', yet when they sent me messages as a first time contact they nearly always said just hi and then used an emoticon such as Smile or Wink. Some even said things like 'hey gorgeous' or 'sexy', but they were few and far between I must admit. Still, the double standards of what women complain about on there and what some of he do rings true. I'm not saying men are better, but you know.

On the other account, I sent messages to all those I received things from on my account and received no responses. 

I also selected a vast amount of women based on looks alone in the following catergories and used both accounts to send a blanket email-

Ugly, Average and Hot

The highest yield of responses in messages came from the hot section, whereas the average section there were literally none for both accounts. As you'd imagine, the ugly ones always responded.

My opinion is that the site is a joke and only good for wasting your time. I found the profiles of several women quite alarming and deluded, and I think some girls are only on there to flatter themselves. I never went on their looking for a date, and I warn any man with an ounce of self respect to treat that site as a training ground to hone your trolling skills and nothing more.

I made a fake female profile and suddenly realised how bad the men there are. My god, how do they keep up with sifting throught the whordes of purile pap they get sent day in day out??? As a man with a fairy decent pic I only got about 3 or 4 new messages a week, but it was easily 3 or 4 a minute with the female profile.

Moral of the story is the site is a sex pest's wet dream... or maybe a potential rapist/serial killer breeding program. STAY AWAY FROM IT IF YOU ARE SERIOUS ABOUT LOVE!!!

Peace out."
"I find the forums at plenty of fish so heavily moderated that the norms rule. If you try to say anything that even tries to understand what is going on, they delete your post and reprimand you like a five year old. I wouldn't waste my time on those boring forums.

My experience using plenty of fish is that I got about a hundred replies, with maybe one or two with anything at all going for them, and when I answered them they didn't reply. The others who contacted me could easily be described as losers, one after the other with absolutely nothing going for them in intelligence, looks, height, or employment status. My confidence nosedived when some unemployed illiterate guy contacted me twice asking whether I had forgotten to reply to him.

All the professional guys don't want to know, even if they are old and nothing to look at and not that interesting and only a bit above average intelligence. I can guarantee that if I reply to them they will ignore me. Yet I am deluged by losers, who are surprised that I don't answer. I have even been turned down by guys who I don't particularly fancy who seemed slightly ok.

I suppose it was an enlightening experience, even if it made me feel ill. Maybe I learned something about myself and the way guys behave. Probably there aren't a lot of decent men on there anyway, and any who do have the tiniest thing going for them get deluged by the women."
"


It is not the site that is the problem it is the jerks that are on the site.
There is one called ***** he has a wife, and his picture is not
even him. and he has some kind of red ugly looking sores on his
hands. So beware ladies and stay away from him. I did not post
his last name of his screen name but you can figure it out I am sure
The site is good and the monitoreds do a good job for the amount
of people they have to check on. So it you do not like the site
close your account and move on. There are always plenty of
fish in the see.

Keep up the good work"
"I was on POF for a couple of years; however, dating wasn't the reason. I enjoyed the forum, in that one could post, reply, ect. However, the author here isn't kidding about anything.

If one makes a valid point that isn't even remotely liberal, then you're screwed socially. The place is quite literally loaded with liberal dirt bags with about as much sense as a bag of hammers. And quite frankly, ad hominum abuse is the typical response to anything logical.

And as far as dating any women there or any other site, it never cesed to amaze me how a woman will tell you that she has her career, home, children, and doesn't need a husband or father for her kids. Yet, she'll actually claim to be looking for a man??? I mean really; are they there to brag or simply display the ignorance of liberalism as a whole?

One woman actually had the morbid stupidity to think of the female sex as being a race, if you can believe that. Nevertheless, POF is extremely good at allowing one to get a real feel for what people are like when their persona isn't showing, and not a bad lesson learned for those who haven't figured out what one is yet."
"I had a sickening experience on this website, in that someone I was seriously dating. i.e. we spent weekends together? started to fish for women on this site while I was sitting in his apartment. One time I was sitting beside him and saw him look ing at profiles. I finally got on the site and checked out his profile. No mention of the fact that he was in a relationship! I am afraid that there is much more of this, as the internet seems to be the perfect place to hide and cheat.

Also noticed that many men list kissing and physical intimacy in their hobbies. What is this? a dating website or an adult porn website? It's quite gross, really. Doesn't anyone believe in a little mystery, anymore?

And where did these people get their education? Is it 'their,' 'they're,' or 'there?' Apparently, they are interchangeable! Ok, enough! I am afraid to even check out the forums. I can only imagine the horrors that lurk there."
"Yep have to agree big mistake going on Plenty of FIsh you only met total tools who are only interested in sex and tells lies and lies to get it, check out dude called visicious criminal , what a tosser, what a wanker, if you are talking to him stop it and get a life of your own.
"
"I joined POF some time ago, I find the forums a real laugh, haven't come across any real issues with the moderators. One of the rules before posting in POF forums is to do a search for a any postings with a similar theme. If there is, you are not meant to start a new thread but revise the old one. While this does avoid lots of duplicated threads, its also madness to sometimes have to flick thru' pages of old threads to find the most recent and most relevant.

I think you will find that most dating sites are used for just casual relationships, POF is no different.

Before i joined POF I recalled a tip I had read about joining dating sites. Set up a fake profile...wait for the massive amounts of generic messages -those who specifically target new profiles. Note user names, cancel fake profile, create new profile, immediately block all the generic messagers who target new profiles.

What I did, I set up an attractive female, married but looking for intimate encounters profile with no photo. Absolutely bombarded with messages from all sorts of men...those seeking dating, long term relationships, those previously marked as single but told me they were married, etc etc. Messages numbered in the hundreds.

I set up my real profile, and while I no where near model standard, I am on the slim side, I am reasonably attractive and posted genuine photos that did do me justice...to date I have received two messages....

Yeap all those men supposedly seeking a genuine long term relationship....not!
"
Dating sites that have too many women are just bad, stay away! I used to think it was the opposite and the sex dating sites that had too many men vs women were bad but they're actually pretty tolerant compared to the opposite like match.com and eharmony and POF where there are just way too many bitter, ANGRY, demanding women! They'll overwhelm you..consume you, stay away! It's easy to point out fakes on the other adult dating sites anyway and deal with that then deal with too many crazy women!
"
-An overly obese and much older woman using her slim daughter's photos on her profile.
-A schizophrenic girl who had multiple boyfriends, would lie to each, then tell them each about the 
others, causing the guys to argue over her; ""Oh all these guys arguing over me"". EGO
-A broke, semi-homeless that was using a friend's pc to log on; she would quite often ask if the guy
owned a house,
-A very insecure woman who was asking guys she met off POF to ""pay her bills"" (literally)

This is just a small selection of the women I have met from there. And they say it's always the guy's fault?"
"I'm a pretty unique 23yr guy in comparison to the western image of a young male. Big Grin I've been on POF.com for roughly three years, I think I've been patient enough probably going to log off for good. Very few girls, look interesting & open minded (that I've seen). I want someone who's essentially classy, artsy, empathetic, ambitious, compassionate, laid back and open-minded. Can't seem to find anyone like that online or in person.
What can you do, right? Big Grin
  "
"


I was on POF for a while. I had a colleague who was on it too using the same computer.
We were both banned for creating false profiles..!!! This Marcus guy or his nonesensical half thought out program confused the two profiles and threw a wobbler.
While we were on, we noticed it was mainly the dregs of society who were there, and I've never seen so many Russia scammers anywhere!! You're right, it's free so what do you expect. You get what you pay for.
The advertisers don't see that side, they just see numbers so Marcus rakes in the cash. They don't realise that the bad name of the site reflects on them.
There are one or two really good sites out there that are properly run, which cope with the scammers and prove their effectiveness with results. They cost about £60 a year, but what's £60 when you're comparing the difference between a site that's getting all it's cash from advertising and a site that's getting most of it's cash from providing a proper and efficient service.
Have a look at some of the dating site comparison sites. You won't consider POF then!"
"I subscribed to plenty of fish (unfortunately) it's a scam, majority of profiles are bogus. Do not recomend this site
"
"I agree that there are many fake profiles of men on there. I get a lot of men message me saying I said i wanted to meet them when this is not true,. POF makes up 'meet me' features to create interest. I live in the UK and I cannot for the life of me meet a genuine level headed guy who can spell or has no baggage. It''s a waste of my time to be honest, the ones who do get in touch and seem decent just send a few messages then they seem to miraculously disappear off the face of the earth, they still log on and have their profile but its like you never existed without any explanation as to why they dont keep in touch which makes me think these are fake profiles to keep you interested. Manners cost nothing even if its a polite thanks but you live too far away/not my type.
"
"The forums do have issues, volunteer moderators have too much power, and there's no checks/balances system so that multiple mods have to approve a flagging.
On the other hand they re trying to deal with a setup where trolling is commonplace, and they are trying to maintain some semblance of civility.
Calling the founder a Nazi is going a bit far.
He simply is doing his best to implement a fully automated system instead of hiring a huge staff to try and keep a lid on things.
Personally I think many of the users don't understand the way the system works.
I am highly amused to see people who comment in their profile, &/or a forum posting that they don't get many messages, but have mail settings blocking most of the (seeking: )types.(minus only the one they have chosen to classify as).

In the English language the meanings of each word: 
Dating, Activity partner, casual dating, long term dating, hanging out, friends, ... and the list goes on.... and on ....all cover a pretty wide range of real-life behaviors, and most relationships, go through most of these activities at one point or another.
The fact that POF Forces you to ONLY chose one of those things, is in itself rather obtuse as most people really are not bent on only trying to find a single type of relationship., and people usually have no problem with the idea of a person perusing friendship with one person, (activity partner(tennis) with another, pen-pal with another, and a more significant relationship with someone else. That certainly happens constantly in real life, why should a cyber-contact initiating program be so narrowly restricting?
OH!, I forgot, it's a DATING site, not a social site ... HERUMPH!!!!!"
"I've been on and off POf a few time just hoping that things will get easier and that the attitues of memmers begin to improve. 

I've never encountered such rudeness, nastyness and unplesentness fram any other site to that which I have whilst I've been on POF. 

Girls on there just like to aim their anger at any genuine guy which plucks up the courage to message and has taken an interest in their profile. 

It's certainly a site I won''t be recommending to any of my single friends."
"Censorship at it's worst. The mods are out of control power mongers. Don't state an unpopular opinion. You will be banned. Fascists.
"
I took advantage of the trade-in program to upgrade a 5 to the new 5s. I was quoted $300 as it's trade-in value, but this morning finally received word that I would be getting only $54 because it is not powering on. That phone was in PERFECT pristine condition! The only reason I traded it in is because I could get the 5s for about $250 as an upgrade and would get $300 back in trade in--seemed like a great deal! I can only imagine that the battery had gone dead in the time it took before my phone was finally inspected. This situation is absolutely not acceptable. Now I'm reading online that it is happening to TONS of people!
Anything come of this?
Long story short....you either need to pay full price to maintain your original account or give it up to upgrade
Verizon should implement their trade in service at the store level.  That way, the customer and the technician can verify that the device being traded in is indeed in working order and that they agree on the price that will be awarded.  That way, the customer can also get their new device right then and there, thus completing a smooth transition from old device to new device.  Win win situation for both parties involved.
"Last time I checked at the local store I go to in Wichita.. 
My Razr Maxx was worth a trade in value was $45.00 dollars what shocked me though was when I asked how much my Droid X might bring the Guy I know said b It has a trade in value of $75.00 In my miss-belief state i said it's funny older gets a higher value price than that of the New"
"I have to agree with others having issues and being ripped off of major value on iphone Trade Ins.
This is in reference to my Submission ID 405975325. Submitted phone and told that value was $210. Just received a credit of $38.20!!"
Just walked into a Verizon Wireless store and took in another iPhone 4s in the same condition as the one i sent to the Trade In program...Both phones were exactly the same and both in near new condition, the Verizon Store paid me $210.00 and the Trade In scam paid me $32.80. Glad the store experience was so smooth but why would ANYONE take the risk of incompetency and mail it in...Still fired up and not going to stop pushing Verizon corporate until i get fair value for my other iPhone or have them send it back to me...
I say everyone should just sell their old devices on C-list or eBay. Seems much more of a guarantee there than this trade in program. Sorry you had to go through this.
I was quoted $200 for my iPhone 4S and then I was told that the screen did not work and they would give me $36
Verizon just (removed) its customers every time they have the opportunity. Unfortunately the real "workers" are the ones who get the blame and have to try and play mediator. The "suits" are the individuals doing the (removed) but they don't hear nor do they read these discussion boards.
"So I have only had my new iphone 5s turned on since sunday, it is now Thursday morning and Ive received another alert telling me Im now up to 90% of my data usage limit. I upgraded from the iphone 4 where I hardly ever used up to 1GB of data (Im allowed 2GB).
     I have not even installed an email address into the phone so its not like that app is consistently refreshing its self and as lame as it is I always go back and close all apps Ive used when done with them. Ive gone into settings and turned off location settings for every app that is requesting current location updates. Basically whatever makes the iphone 5s convenient to use ive turned off for fear of this massive data bill headed my way.
     Is anyone else experiencing the exorbitant increase in data usage?
 
I know for the iphone 5 it was a glitch in the operating system but my phone has no current updates available. please help if you can..."
"Let's get to the bottom of this! 
Did you check online to confirm the data usage? Did you recently change you calling or data plan? 
JohnB_VZW
Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
"My data plan is still the same from the upgrade, I'm allotted 2GB. How I use the phone is exactly the same from the iphone 4 to the 5s; meaning at home Im constantly on wifi as well as when I am at work. The phone has all the appropriate passwords to be able to connect to these networks as it should.
After receiving the second notice in less than 24hrs about my usage and its near end I basically turned this new 5s into an ipod touch that makes phone calls. Meaning I turned off all location settings for every app AND turned off cellular data making any app updates etc etc only work forcefully only by wifi. After that, zero data used of course,but what's the purpose and point of have a fancy phone if it barely functions any better than a disposable flip phone?
     So next day, still no data being used thank goodness and certainly obviously I go through every aspect of this new 5s and set all the settings the the exact ones the iphone 4 had until I come upon the LTE option. LTE allows you to load data faster and supposedly is what Verizon is currently running on so if this option is enabled or not why is the phone eating away at my data when I am constantly near wifi networks my phone recognizes?
  The few complaints Ive found so far are about this same problem but for the iphone5 that apple had to fix with an update.
So what's the deal with this supposedly near perfect iphone 5s? Is it an update i have to wait for from Apple or is Verizon not really a 4G LTE network so my phone uses up all my data when it thinks wifi is too slow as well?
Why the sudden exorbitant eating of data?"
"spacial,

I vote that we get our eyes on your data usage and see exactly what's going on. Please accept my follow request, follow back, and then direct message me your name, mobile number, and billing password (or last four of your social if a password isn't present) for research.

EvanO_VZW

Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
Man, EvanO_VZW you sound like a str8 crook asking for someones billing password or last 4. Hopefully Spacial is smarter than that or anyone else youre trying to scam with that old trick!
Dude.  EvanO is a Verizon rep.  Come on, man!
Anytime a stranger is attempting to access your personal account, it's a bad idea! That's all I'm saying.
TO ME IF A PERSON GETS ON YOUR PHONE AND TAKES WHAT THEY WANT  ITS CALLED HACKING   BUT VERIZON OH NO  NO WAY   WELL  IKNOW WHAT I KNOW  MY PHONE WAS HACKED
LETS FACE IT VERIZON DONT CARE THEY JUST WANT YOUR MONEY
PLEASE DONT TRUST VERIZON  BAD MOVE VERY BAD  LOOK AT ME  BECAUSE I TRUST THEM  MY FAMILY AND I  ARE IN DANGER  SO PLEASE DONT TRUST ANYONE FROM VERIZON
LOL  LOL  LOL  WOW YOU REALLY HAVE NO CLUE DO YOU
I am still having the same problem with all my data being used up weeks before the end of the month. I have the Jet Pack and IPHONE 5. I  have added 2 GB the month before last & another 2 GB last month. When I 1st got the phone & Jet Pack in April I was only using 4 GB per month, then all of a sudden, after the October phone upgrade, I started using a large amount of data. Wish I could get out of this 2 yr contract with Verizon. It is costing me way too much each month now.
WE WERE TOLD DATA WENT UP BECAUSE OF BACKGROUND  WE HAD SAME BACKGROUND ON 1  BUT IT WENT TO 6
What is a background ?
are you talking about the apps running in the background?
"Firstly, anyone who is a Verizon rep can be trusted to help you resolve your issue, or at least to /try/ to do so. this kind of
 
Secondly, to the OP, this kind of thing can happen for several reasons.  If, when you first activated your 5S, it was not connected to a Wifi network, you may have used a LOT of data to re-download your apps and other information from iCloud (or Verizon Cloud) to make your new phone have the same information available that your old iPhone had.  This happens to people quite often who forget to skip doing all the downloading and so forth until *after* setting up their Wifi connection. 
 
Another possible issue is that you haven't actually used all the data.  If you log into your MyVerizon account and look at your actual data usage, does it show that you've truly used that much so far?  Have you called customer service to confirm?  It could be the case that you really haven't used that much data at all, and the system is sending you alerts erroneously.  Always check to make sure!
 
What did you do with the old iPhone when you activated the new one?  If it wasn't turned off for long enough after activating the 5S, there is a small chance that the old iPhone is still usable on Verizon's network.  If you gave that old iPhone to your child to use as an iPod touch, they might be using up a ton of actual data on it without realizing it, which is still billing to your account.  It's happened to others before!
 
Get in touch with EvanO_VZW and let him try to help you figure it out.  Or call customer service.  See what they can help you figure out.   Good luck!"
OUR DATA WENT FROM 1 TO 6 AND WE DONT USE IT  SO WHO DOES ?  TO MAKE A LONG STORY SHORT ITS NOW UN SAFE FOR ME TO USE MY CELL PHONE  IAM GOING TO THE CEO HE BETTER BE READY CAUSE IAM **** BIG TIME  YOU PUT MY FAMILY IN HARMS WAY THEN YOU ARE IN MY WAY SO LOOK OUT IAM NOT GIVING UP
I'd say for this problem you might want to visit a Verizon store to see if they can help....It's hard getting technical help online or over the phone sometimes because they can't see the phone. Sometimes when I have phone problems I think the rep doesn't believe me either and thinks i'm trying to scam or something... Idk..
I HAVE BEEN THERE DONE THAT NO HELP  ITS NOW UNSAFE FOR ME TO USE MY CELL TIME FOR VERIZON TO MAN UP
We want to restore your confidence in Verizon Wireless, annypo!!! What is going on with the usage? I can also take a closer look to better assist. I just sent you a follow request. Please confirm and follow back. Then send me a private message with your name and mobile number so that I can better assist.
GOOD LUCK MINE WENT BACK 6 TIMES AND IAM NOT DONE ITS JUST A RUN AROUND GO RIGHT TO THE CEO
WE START OUT WITH 1 DOING FINE  THEN BOOMMMMMM  WE ARE NOW AT 6 AND GOING UP
YOU HAVE A LONG ROAD AHEAD OF YOU  IAM IN THAT BOAT  I WAS TOLD IT WAS BECAUSE OF BACKGROUND    SO DO YOU KNOW WHAT A ESN NUMBERS ARE ? BEAT NOT  VERIZON DOES NOT LIKE TO SAY THOSE NUMBERS  I HAD TO TELL THEM I WAS GOING TO NEWS AND TV  AND I WAS GOING TO SING LIKE A BIRD  THEN I GET THE ESN NUMBERS THAT THEY HAD THE WHOLE TIME
THEY PUT ME IN DANGER MY WHOLE FAMILY  AND THEY KNEW THE WHOLE TIME  NOW IAM FORCE TO ACT LIKE A **** TO GET THINGS DONE SO BE IT  MY FAMILY COMES AHEAD OF VERIZONS POCKET BOOK
You will not be able to contact the CEO and if you do, he will refer you to a customer service rep. His job is to run the company, not answer/fix technical issues. I'm not 100% sure what you mean by putting your family in danger. The data is probably being used with all the bug fixes for the new iOS. Sounds like your a little paranoid about the situation.
You will not be able to contact the CEO and if you do, he will refer you to a customer service rep. His job is to run the company, not answer/fix technical issues. I'm not 100% sure what you mean by putting your family in danger. The data is probably being used with all the bug fixes for the new iOS. Sounds like your a little paranoid about the situation.
"Thanks so much for contacting us, aobp. Who likes a bill that is higher than normal? Nobody. You mentioned that your daughter recently upgraded which put up a red flag for me. When she got the phone and set it up installing apps, email, etc. was she using WiFi or the 4G network. I'm guessing she has gone from a 3G device to 4G which processes data up to 10x faster than 3G. 
Does she use WiFi when applicable?"
"I am having the same issue with my phones... I have 3 iPads and 2 iPhones in the house, plus a Mac and 3 PCs. We have also not changed our habits, we don't watch movies, videochat, or stream music. My problem is not cell data, but my ISP is a satellite service. My usage for the month was always below 15 gig, for the past year or so. Now after updating to iOS7, I'm using a gig a day, sometimes 2. I need help! I've turned off everything I can find, background refresh, notifications on most apps, etc. I am suspicious of the iCloud backups and also turned those off. I also have very lousy cell coverage at my house, and seldom have more than one dot on my signal meter. I'd bet that things would be ok if I could revert back to iOS6, but that seems to not be an option. I just bet that the same issues are what is eating cell data. I like that I can now see what the various apps are using cell-wise, but those are not excessive since I am on WIFI when I'm home, which is a lot of the time. I think this is actually an Apple boo-boo, but Verizon likely can't do anything about it. So what we need is a way to manage our data better, to know what is eating it up, and still be able to function. I have turned off my backups in iCloud and I don't like doing that. I wonder if the Verizon Cloud would be a solution--does it use WIFI?
 
I think I will probably have to go to my Verizon store and have a chat with them. Surely I'm not the only one who has a limited data ISP who is getting eaten alive"
I understand your data usage concerns! I had a similar experience after the latest software update and I was able to resolve by doing a hard reset on my iPhone. The steps should be the same http://bit.ly/TDltcJ for all iOS devices. Give it a try and keep us posted
I understand your data usage concerns! I had a similar experience after the latest software update and I was able to resolve by doing a hard reset on my iPhone. The steps should be the same http://bit.ly/TDltcJ for all iOS devices. Give it a try and keep us posted
A few weeks ago (October 25) I went into a Verizon store and switched over to them from Sprint. The employee gave me a $300 credit for my phone and I got the iPhone 5C and a bunch of other stuff with the money I had remaining. I told him I wanted the insurance that is $10 extra a month and the military discount to get 15% off. He told me it would not be a problem and he would take care of it. When I left the store I did not get a receipt or anything for the plan I created, only one for all of the extras I got with my remaining credit. Well this past Saturday when I was leaving the grocery store my phone fell out of my pocket and the screen broke. I went straight to the Verizon store when I got my phone and told them I needed it replaced and I had insurance on it. They told me I do not, so apparently this employee did not add that on nor did he add on the military discount and the guy who created my account is out on vacation. They gave me his personal cell phone number and I called and left a voicemail on Saturday and he never got back to me. Since then I have called Verizon customer service twice and they are telling me they cannot do anything until they speak with the employee to see if he just forgot to add it on. Initially they said he would be back this past Tuesday (the 12th), but apparently he has not been back yet. The last time I talked to customer service was today and he is still not back and they are telling me they still cannot do anything until talking to him, and his coworkers do not know when he is going to be back. So I have to walk around with a broken phone until they talk to this guy (which no one seems to know when that will be) when my phone should have been fixed already but isn't because of something he did not do. Like I said, I received no paperwork when I left the store showing my plan or anything so I did not know if it had really been added or not. I want to know what steps I can take to get this resolved and my phone fixed like it should have been days ago. I paid $430 to end my contract with Sprint to switch to Verizon and had been with them a little over two weeks and this is what I have to deal with already. It is very frustrating that as a new customer these are the steps they are taking and nothing is getting done with my phone. If anyone has any suggestions I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you
"Well just a suggestion. go to http://www.verizonwireless.com and register for account access as the owner. Under your plan and features it will show if you ever had insurance. The long receipt you were given at time of sale also would show what your plan is, what insurance you carry, and the price you agreed to pay for all these goods and services.
 
If no insurance was obtained and you did not check before leaving the store, you will have to either go to an Apple store and pay for the screen replacement or just pay full price for a new device. Damage via breakage or water or theft is not covered under the one year manufacturer warranty. That is on any carrier not just verizon.
 
Its an unfortunate situation but you cannot blame verizon if you yourself did not check the receipts before you left the store.
As I said they are copied to the online account portal. I believe a corporate store can also do a reprint for you.
 
Good Luck"
"Also to add, receipts are  typically either emailed to you these day or are in the ""Documents"" section of your My Verizon account.
 
However, you would have electronically signed the receipt before you left the store and it would have shown everything.
 
And it is prudent to check the receipt(s) and your account IMMEDIATELY after the purchase."
I did not receive any paperwork for my plan when I left the store. The only paperwork I got was a receipt for the extra charger and car charger I got with my credit. Nothing with information of my plan or anything like that.
"Yes, you said that. 
 
But the rep should have had you ""electronically sign"" the receipt for the phone and the plan. 
 
And do you see it in your My Verizon account?"
"If you are the account owner check the my verizon web portal for your receipts and plan particulars.
Or simply go to the corporate store and get a bill and plan reprint from them.
 
Remember even if the guy at the store included the insurance in the transaction it would not have taken affect until your first invoice which you would have to pay.
 
Good luck"
Having a cracked screen can be very frustrating aetter3. Allow us to help get to the bottom of your equipment concerns. Was the phone purchased at an indirect store location or a corporate Verizon Wireless store location? In addition, when insurance is added to your account, there is a monthly insurance charge on your bill each month. Unfortunately, once a phone has been damaged, insurance can not be added to the phone or replaced under insurance. You may have the ability to visit an Apple store location to inquire on replacing the screen only. This may be less cost effective, than purchasing a new phone at full retail cost.
Is anyone using the new Apple ID fingerprint authentication? Does it save time, is it worth using?
"Absolutely!
 
Touch ID (as opposed to Apple ID which is something different) works great and saves time and is much more convenient"
"Right, Touch ID, thanks! (Duh)
Are there any security concerns worth worrying about?"
The last two orders of heavy, large format, collectable books I ordered from Amazon arrived damaged. Amazon did not package the books in a way that protects the front or back covers, the spine, edges, nor corners of the books. I buy books from Amazon due to price AND convenience. I now have to take my time and effort to fix a mistake made by Amazon.
Simple, contact Customer Service and explain the problem to them. I've had no problem getting replacement books, but I sure wish it weren't an issue to begin with. I miss the days when books came in boxes, shrinkwrapped to a board.
I'm about to give up on Amazon. I just made a $160 order with a bunch of hardcover and softcover books. But I'm guessing I won't be happy with the condition they arrive in. I only ordered from Amazon again because many of them I couldn't find anywhere else, and I would have had to order from 5 different places to get them all otherwise.
I still get new books shrink wrapped to a heavy piece of cardboard. Do you think they are only shipping used and collectible books in whatever they are that causes them to be damaged?
I haven't received books packaged this way in at least 4-5 years. Are you sure it isn't third party sellers packaging them that way?
Add to that, amazon mails DVD sets in cheap bubble wrap envelopes. I believe it's a weight thing. Cheap is as cheap does.
I already *never* order limited/collector's editions of video games from Amazon anymore... I order from Gamestop even though I hate them and pay extra for tax and extra for shipping just because Amazon can't be trusted to properly package anything.
Actually... I just found this thread as an example:
I'm one of the ones who can't totally give up the feel of a book in my hand, so I usually order the physical book instead of the Kindle edition and the last several have been recently, shrink wrapped on the cardboard even if they are in a box with other things.
Pancake, I've never ordered a book from a third party seller, always from Amazon. I'm not into collectible books, just new editions of whatever strikes my fancy at the time.
I mostly order softcover manga. I like to keep them in good condition so I can sell a full set of a series for a good price later if I don't want to keep them. 
My new hardcovers are either coming shrink-wrapped to cardboard (if they are in a larger box with other items), or in a "wraparound" cardboard mailer-box if they are the only item in the order.
I wish they would do this for my books, but they never do no matter how many times I complain.
We don't work for Amazon. 
Sorry, I'm just very frustrated with Amazon.
Same here: my books always were poorly wrapped, corners bent, and often dirty on their edges like they were picked from the bottom floor. I complained every time at Amazon Customer Service and being offered the replacements. Unfortunately, neither the replacements where no better when arrived. I found this "feedback shipping" of the order placed, and the constant complaining an useless battle at this point. I'm wondering who would be the right department in charge, to send our comments, and taken seriously on this matter. Some place in USA, not Phillippines, or India, etc. Does anybody know?
Maybe you would be better off buying your books somewhere else unless you're enjoying those $10 credits a little too much.
Here is that shipment I was worried about. They didn't even bother to use the airbags this time. Just thrown right in a box!
I'm going to bump this thread at least once a day with pictures from damaged items just from this one shipment. So Amazon's customers and potential customers can think twice before ordering books from Amazon.
LOL, I wonder who voted down both of my last two posts? I'm providing photos of damage of books Amazon sent me, and this doesn't add to the conversation?
Oh don't pay attention to the votes here, they mean nothing but someone's angst over customers. Someone here lives and dies by no voting people. 
Rizzo, I've done this before, doesn't help. I don't bother filling out packaging feedback anymore because it doesn't change anything. Even after being assured by customer service they would contact the shipping dept on three different occasions they still refuse to properly package any of my books.
Do you seriously think warehouse packers look at every shipping label and compare the name to a list they have of people who are to be given special consideration? I don't think they'd have a job for very long.
Obviously they receive more than just the shipping label or how else would they pick the contents and verify them?
This is hopeless and I'm out of here. There's nothing we here in the forum can do about the way things are packed. I've had items arrive broken, DOA, or liquid contents spilled just like everybody else. My books, though, come from a warehouse where they are packed properly.
Well contacting customer support just as useless, except I might get a $10 certificate out of it. Same goes for filling out the packaging feedback of course.
People who post here tend to be long-time amazon users; it's doubtful that your posts will influence anyone here
As promised, bumping this thread with pictures of another damaged item from this last shipment.
Hey pancakelizard, you say "At least posting about it here, people looking for help might see the complaints and think twice about continuing to use Amazon." So then, why do YOU continue to use Amazon, in spite of continually receiving these damaged items whose pictures you are now posting?
See my post here:
You have already gotten help from an Amazon moderator who has escalated your issue to the Transportation group. Why are you continuing to post to multiple forums?
Yeah, offered to do the same thing Amazon's customer service has already said they had done 4 times in the past with no improvement in terms of packaging.
Pancake, you quest to engage other customers in "discontinuing to use Amazon" is a futile attempt. 
You don't know that for a fact. Actually, reading about other people having the same problems with the CE/LE video game boxes getting crushed in Amazon discussions caused me to cancel my pre-orders and place them with Gamestop instead. Although it had happened to me before, but seeing other people complain about it is what actually made me realize it wasn't an isolated incident and that I should just cancel the orders I had with Amazon.
As I said.... generally, when we do hear of negative experiences, it makes one had some inkling of thought about product/event, etc. 
I'm not even sure that you have a problem. Your first post said "I just made a $160 order with a bunch of hardcover and softcover books. But I'm guessing I won't be happy with the condition they arrive in." which I read as meaning you have not yet received this order with your anticipated damage. So you're just whinging on about a problem you think might happen, in order to get attention here.
I have received it... that's what the pictures are from. Or did you actually bother to read anything in this thread before making blanket assumptions?
Too much drama goin' on! Too much for one buyer to have. 
Is that a threat?
Good day....good luck... good buying...good Lord....good bye!
Pancakelizard, please stop spamming the discussions with your complaints. There's nothing anyone here can do
t was a warning. Amazon is known to close the accounts of customer who pass some undocumented threshold of returns. Once they conclude they're losing money on you it's bye-bye and no recourse.
Since I highly doubt the replacements will arrive in any better condition. Should I just go ahead and cancel the replacement orders and ask for a refund instead?
You can cancel but you won't get a refund. That only happens after you've been charged.
I was charged, for the first shipment. What are you talking about? Is every Help Forum Pro a complete prick here?
When you ask about cancelling items the answer you will get is that you don't pay until an item ships, and you can't cancel after it ships, so when you cancel an order you don't normally get a refund. 
I'm talking about the replacement order(s) which haven't shipped just yet, or is this too difficult to understand for a "Help Forum Pro"?
It's apparently too hard for you to understand when you've been charged and when you haven't since your posts are contradictory.
I'm asking if instead of taking the shipments they are sending me to replace my damaged items, which I have already paid for (obviously), if I should just get them to refund me instead. As I somehow doubt they are going to arrive better packaged or in better condition as every order I make lately follows the same exact pattern.
Many of the books I get arrive with a damage to the top part of the spine.
I agree. Just to add to that, the Cabelas Credit Card is all that I will use. Not just for the points, but there is somebody on the line within seconds of calling customer service. No "press 1" if you want to be annoyed, or press 2 if you want someone who cant speak english. It really is remarkable how well they treat their customers.
I've always dealt with friendly, courteous people on the Cabela's staff. They set an excellent example of how a business should be run.
I purchased a bunch of ammo at the Hambug, PA store and when I checked my receipt I noticed a couple of the boxes came up a different price than the sticker on the box. My credit card was credited that day.
For last-minute Christmas shopping, Cabela's has compiled a list of gift ideas ranging in price from $5 to $500. Most items are being offered at special sale prices, and you can save even more on orders totaling more than $100. Just check out some of these special deals:
Do these prices also extend to the stores? I am seriously thinking about getting all new duck decoys this year and the shipping will kill the deal unless I can go to Lacey and pick em up. Is there a way to find out what inventory they have on hand without calling each store?
I know you didn't ask me, but oh well!!! I think your best option would be to order on-line and when you get to the shipping option, select in-store pickup. This is a free service and should insure that your entire order is available to pick up at once... Just a thought...
Yep, I do it all the time. And one time last Fall I ordered something for instore pick-up and it didn't come in, in the normal reasonable time expected, then I had some trips and couldn't get back to the store for nearly 2 months. I called and said I'd understand if they didn't want to hold it that long and needed to restock it and customer service said no problem they'd hold it. 2 months latter I made it to the store and sure enough it was still there. It's a great feature.
In-store pick-up is a real money saver, especially on larger or heavier orders.
I just looked and it will save well over $80 in shipping charges and besides I can go there in 3.5 hours and have a nice day vacation
For those want In Store Pickup (ISP) orders you can find the information here:http://www.cabelas.com/cabelas/en/co...es/ispfaq.html
Just a thought. Not sure how I found the forums in the 1st place. I bookmarked it but when I came to the site outside my bookmark the forums may be a bit buried. Seems "outdoor info" does not jump out at me as the place to find a forum like other hunting site. I wonder if adding "forums" tab at top would gather more eyeballs thus more engaged Calbelas shoppers?
Yep, I've been shopping with Cabela's through catalogs, online, and in their stores for years, and it was by pure chance that I discovered this forum through Google. I never would have found it on the Cabela's website if I was searching for it there.
Just spread the word as much as you can.That's how I found out bout it.Dwayne turned me on to it.
I tell all my clients about it and a lot have joined....
But it would also be easier for members as well.
I think the only problem with that would be is.....less computer literate people would assume that by clicking on talk forum that their answer would be answered with in seconds or minutes. They would prbly get this confused w/ the Customer Service Online Chat/Email service. So if we do get a tab for this on the Home Page we would need to update the Talk Forum main page leading into this, so people realize what it is.
There is a rumor going around on another outdoor talk forum that Cabelas points will not be honored after February 14th. The post goes on and talks about the fact that Cabelas sold their c cards to a different bank and that the points will no longer be able to be accumulated. There was a response by another forum member that he/she called Cabelas and that Cabelas confirmed this as true. Could you please shed some light on these rumors/facts. I love my Cabelas card and the customer service that goes along with it. I hope that this is heresay, and that no changes are taking place. Thanks for your time.
Somewhat of a false alarm. It is not for anyone that owns an actual Cabelas Credit card. Sorry if I caused a millon man panic attack. I just called customer service and they set me straight.
It depends on what bank your card is issued through. Mine is WAMU and they got bought out by Chase and my points accumlation will not happen anymore. I wen't ahead and blew all of mine already because mine is going to be a Chase card now and they do something different. I am not very happy about it!
Are you sure about not getting points because your Cabela's Club card is now Chase? You should call Cabela's Customer Service too. And if it is true, which I doubt, tell Cabela's how displeased you are. It is Cabela's business and bread and butter not greedy Chase's. That just doesn't sound right. The points don't have anything to do with a bank, whether they're doing the payment processing, carrying a balance and getting interest or whatever. I'd think the points are something between Cabela's and their customer. All they are is basically a 2% discount on Cabela's merchendise that turns into an accumulating rebate only good at Cabela's. I'd call.
It's not a "Cabelas" card that has been issued through Cabelas. Its an independant card that used Cabelas points as a reward. If you have a Cabelas Visa, nothing has changed.
Certain Cabela’s CLUB members who had cards issued by Washington Mutual (WaMu) may have received information from JP Morgan Chase regarding an upcoming change in the CLUB program. A majority of cardholders will not be affected by this change. The affected CLUB members will be receiving more information from Cabela’s providing options for continuing their CLUB membership and retaining the CLUB points they have accumulated.
Does anyone remember what month last year, if it is even a regular special the triple points days were. I'm thinking Feb or March but can't remember.
would love to know since the gun show at cabelas, Idaho is this weekend.....
Our local Cabela's gun show was last week. I don't do guns but happened to go to the store last year during the gun show and they had an unadvertised special, with hand made signs on the doors giving a 10% discount to all law enforcement officers and Vets on anything in the store. I was OK whoa I can do this. lol I stocked up, showed the cashier my VFW card and walked. nice surprise deal. They made money on me. So this year I took a drive over and alas no specials. I talked to an employee and he said Cabela's Corporate pulled the plug and had to stop their local discretionary community specials because of the economy this year. So I didn't stay and buy anything either.
I heard a rumor that Cabela's was opening a store in NC soon. Any truth to this? I certainly hope so. If not, I'll keep buying online and visiting once a year when we vist the relatives in MI. We have Basspro and Gander Mountain here, but they are not even close to Cabela's in my opinion.
I think Cabela's is missing the boat by not putting a store in central Washington.
Lets see ....longer seasons......higher bag limits on game typically ......very high hunter density.......fishing opportunities galore......great weather........higher avg income (than a lot of other areas in N.A)......and a hunting heritage to rival anywhere in the world.........other than these reasons I cant think of anymore right now to get a cabelas here........
Yet they put one in Maine LOL
I started a similar thread a while back....
And you got no answer then either.......I am off tomorrow...ill spend some time trying to figure this one out.....someone at Cabelas must know if there is any future plans to open one down here.........
There was a store slated for Adairsville, GA (north of Atlanta) but it's fallen through. The state assembly wouldn't do something with regard to road upgrades or something. It's a shame they don't put one around Huntsville, AL - lots of hunting, and less than three hours from Birmingham, Montgomery, Memphis, Nashville, Chattanooga, and only 3.5hrs from Atlanta. It would be a big hit.
Well then here is a open ended question that doesnt give out any corporate secrets.......do they plan on building one anywhere in the NC, SC, GA, AL area in the not too distant future??????
"It is the policy of Cabela's not to make public future retail expansion plans that may or may not exist until such a time as deemed appropriate by the company. Any such announcements would come in the form of a formal press release, at which time they would also be posted on the forum.
 "
Man that sounded like an echo........lol Well I guess until they deem it appropriate BPS in Concord Mills NC and Sportsmans Warehouse in Columbia SC will be getting the bulk of my outdoor expenditures. I rarely make it to Hamburg PA but when I do Cabelas is a must see and I truly enjoy the shopping experience when I get by there.
"The Nebraska Walleye Associations- University of Walleye will be presented in Lincoln, Nebraska March 14th. All proceeds fund our Kids Clinics which reach out to hundreds of kids and special needs kids in Nebraska. Please go to www.NebraskaWalleye.com or to this link.
 
"
Looking for a hunting partner to hunt chuckars to grouse in washington Pa.
I wish i had a video-cam with me yeaserday Feb-18-08 when my brother-n-law and i saw a buck which had already shed his horns mount a doe and procede to mate with her for a bit. i was quite amazed at this time of the year.
This is fairly common in north Texas. I have a large wheat field next to a very large ranch that does not allow hunting. It is not uncommon to see 300 deer at one time. With a five month deer season this allows me to see allot of activity. The state biologist I work with says that the second rut we see here in north Texas is the does that were born late, coming in this time of year. They are too young to come in with the older does. FYI Regards Shooter
Just wanted to thank the great folks at Cabela's for hosting this outdoor/sportsman's forum. It's a wonderful venue for exchanging ideas, information, and helpful tips - just about anything relevant to the outdoors - from places, to people, to equipment, to tactics, this site covers almost everything one could hope for. The mods do an excellent job at keeping to the task at hand and adding some very helpful information from time to time. I've enjoyed the outdoors almost all my life - went fishing for the first time with my Dad on my 6th birthday, and I turned 56 just a few months ago. Started hunting deer and upland game shortly after turning 16. Still enjoy everything from small to big game, upland, waterfowl, fishing, and now looking to learn to fly fish. My wife and I are planning a trip to Sidney so I can look at the Genesis fly fishing outfit - complete set, good price, great reviews - looks like a nice starter outfit. I guess you're never too old to learn something new - especially when you have a great resource like many of the posters who contribute good, solid info here on the forum. I just wish we'd had something like this available a few years back.
My wife started fly fishing last summer and I selected the Genesis combo for her to use. It's worked out very well for her thus far on panfish and small bass. You'll like the setup. I hope to take her trout fishing this summer.
"There are Three Forks combos that are SUPERB fly outfits, too. I have a 3-wt that I LOVE, and rod/reel/line cost me all of $75!

"
"Ok i bought the Cabelas Big Game hunter alaskan adventure. Ok i was wondering if theres a online manual for the game since the makers of the game where to cheap to give the buyer a manual. Im looking for tips for the fishing part of the game. Tips on setting the hook and a few other things with the game. 
"
Try cabelasgames.com
"Might try Activision too they are the makers of all of those games. I think the website is www.activisionvalue.com

"
there is no manual posted at either site mentioned on the responses above, does anyone know where to find one
Send activision an e-mail from their website. They make the game so they should know if one was even made.
Open the CD with Windows Explorer then open the Help folder. There is a HelpPC_1.0 file there that opens with Internet Explorer. It took me a few tries to get it open, then I saved it in a new folder in several different formats so I had multiple options for reading it.
"try looking in all of the control options in the game and check to see if there is any kind of tutorial to show you how to do things like that.

"
Can this be true? I purchased an Iphone 5 with applecare in May 2013. I also signed up for the monthly insurance thru ATT. Lost my phone in September and had it replaced by ATT insurance and paid a $200 deductible. Well just cracked my screen this weekend. Took it to the Apple store and they said the applecare plan I bought in May 2013 is no longer valid. Can that be right?
I received the 7.0.4 update on my IPhone 4. I don't like it.  I feel Apple went cheap. From the way the apps look to the various issues I have encountered. 1 issue-IBooks: I can't see purchases and Library shelf missing, the books are displayed against white background Any one know how to fix? Appreciate the help
"I just submitted a bug report to Apple, though I can't believe I am the only person with this issue. Since iOS7 (I am currently on iOS7.0.4) I have noticed that the music app (along with many many other issues) will no longer display the artist for compilation albums that I have.  In iTunes the artist on the compilation is clearly defined but in iOS7 the Music app simply states ""unknown artist"". Surely I am not the only one with this issue?
"
Go to iTunes Preferences, select Devices and delete the backup you're trying to restore from. Next, backup the device you want to restore from again. Now try to restore your new device from the old one. When this issue plagued me, this is how I fixed it.
I was wondering if there is a way I can set a series of pictures on my camera roll as a slideshow for my homescreen wallpaper?
how do I install iOS 6.1 on an iPhone 4 which has been become unusable by installing iOS 7?
"so i live in australia and boxing day is coming up 
im a teen girl that UTTERLY LOVES APPLE !
and im planning to but a iphone 5S but .. im wondering if the price would go lower. does anyone know ?"
Ever since installing the Hello Kitty (iOS7) software my iPhone5 randomly, on waking, shows the wallpaper as so large that I am unable to use the phone as the sliders are inaccessible - even unable to answer an incoming call as, if I am able to navigate to the slider, the slider is so large (much wider than the entire screen) that I am unable to completely swipe across the full screen. If able to navigate to the top of the screen (often not) ditto with the slider to turn the phone off. Depressing the on/off switch and the home button at the same time does not turn the phone off and I have to wait until the battery runs out completely and the phone goes dead before I can recharge it and then have it start up again and at which point it works OK...until the next time. This happens every 1-2 days; never happened before installing the new iOS. And I do not have the enlarged type stuff activated via the accessibility screens. Help - my phone is now intermittently totally useless!
How do I transfer all the photos and videos from my 4s to my laptop? I need the space!
I wonder do I just put my old SIM card in my new phone and if I do that will all my information bro the phon
"Can anyone please tell me that if I buy full priced contract free iphone 5s(which comes with T-mobile sim card) then would i be able to us ethe phone in Pakistan, on Pakistans's local carriers? Or woulld i have to unlock it from Pakistan?
Help me please."
how do i change my apple id on the iphone?
I have an iPhone 5 with ios 7 but this problem has been going on for a few months now. Whenever i get a text message and i press "close" to read it later, it marks it as read, and deletes the notification. It used to mark it as unread if i pressed closed? Why is it doing this?
Hei,, i have a question? why my iphone 5 suddenly not working and i can't upgrade?
How do I recover all of my data re: phone list if I can not find my iphone? I made the mistake of not clouding my iPhone. I was told that there are several possibilities such as Gmail or my iCloud email. Any help would be appreciated by me.
I have an iphone 5 and upgraded it to iOS 7 and since then my data usage has increased 4 to 5 time what my normal usage use to be. Is there and issue with iOS 7 or is there a new setting with 7 that I am unaware of?
"When I updated to ios 7.0.3, I lost all my music and when I tried to sync on itunes, the sync process just doesn't stop loading at step 6.
I thought i'd wait for ios 7.0.4 to solve the problem but it doesn't!!!
I'm really annoyed!
Why won't my iphone 4s sync anymore!? Help."
I lost my iphone but it is in offline mode. I am in Barcelona and never put the sim card in because of international fees with my wireless company. Is there anyway I can find or locate it without wifi. Thank you
How do I make a ringtone from a voice memo? I've saved a VM to macbook pro desktop, changed the ext. to .m4r. iTunes Tones won't take it.  I have a 4S - using iOS 7.0.3
"I tried everything but last night i knew a drop ( yes a drop) of water had probably entered my earpiece. i dint have a hairdryer so i held my phne oveer my lighter..
and it WORKED.... was about to reset my phone.. Guys... its moisture.. try the hairdyer or some warm air generating thing.. (like a lighter) but dont hold it for too long.. i held my phone over fire for like 10 sec... phones earpice plcae got real hot.. hold it for 1-2 sec..increase yourvolume to see if its still in headphone mode.."
After upgrading to iOS 7, I noticed that birthday events in Facebook does not appear in my notification centre.  It is shown in the calendar app.  Is there a settting tha needs to be done please? It used to show up when I was using iOS 6.
how do i delete messages in voicemail when it says the mailbox is full?
iphone 4s screen is frozen  will not let me unlock it or type in my passcode and my charger does not work how do i fix both
When trying to use speakerphone during a call the other person can not hear me or any noise at all. It started with the iOS 6.1.3 update. I replaced the ribbon cable to the microphone, speaker, lightning connector, and headphone jack but the problem still exists. It happens when I try to use Siri, or speech to text or speakerphone. Just about anything that would require the loud mic to work doesn't pick up any voice at all. Any ideas?
I read somewhere there was an audio button if I tapped the screen.  Doesn't seem to show up on mine.  I have an iPhone 4--no Siri.  Before the last update (a few days ago) I could hear the turn by turn instructions.
Is any one having problems with DND not working properly since updating to ios7?
"I was going to give my old iphone4 to my oldest but ....
The passcode I had on it to unlock it , we'll I don't have a clue what it is!!
So does anyone know how I can unlock front sreen with the code ??
Please and thank for anycule :)"
How do i delete photos from my iphone without deleting photos from my laptop and mini ipad?
Can I put hotel loyalty cards in passbook?
"I noticed each time I updated iOS 7 on my iPhone and iPad that the update overrides my preference to have Bluetooth off.
Each time, after the update, Bluetooth was enabled. Shouldn't the update honor any of your previous settings as closely as possible?
I just thought I would post it here in case any other users would like to check their settings who may be unaware that the update does this."
I just downloaded ios7 to my iPhone 4s. In the process, I lost all my contacts, Outlook calendar with all my appointments, and all notes stored on my phone. In their place, I got my daughter's contacts and her messages and background. Having a meltdown!
Just got my phone and the screen went blank today? 
Using outlook and getting double entries when syncing
How can I get  i messages on two phones using the same apple id? the phones have the same phone number. One is a 4 and one is a 5
"I'm not sure if it's related to the new release of 7.0.4, but there are apps which disappeared from my screen after the update. D29When I look to re-download them in the app store, it says the apps are still installed (shows Open). When I tap open, it does nothing.
I've removed and re-added the apps, and still nothing -- they show up on the screen "
I want to play a voice file from my iPhone and use it on a website. I need to export from my phone and maybe even convert it to another format. What is the best way to do this from a iPhone5?
"Hi, my device (Iphone 5 ) seems not to be able to connect to 3G. i tried pretty much everything suggested here, but it's still not working ( stressing me out!).
i bought it last June, and everything was working perfectly until 3 weeks ago; i can only access my data with EDGE and it loads slowly. When i enable 3G, it affects my calls, SMS, internet etc... (no service). Does anyone here have an idea, anything that can help. Ps: i checked with my carrier; the problem doesn't stem from them."
"why wont my iphone 5 charge while in the wall mount. only charges when plugged into computer
any ideas of why this may be happeneing? thank you for answers"
I keep getting the option to copy or select all,  but the bar to save the photo does not come up anymore.  This is an issue.  What can I do to resolve it?
no volume on my cell
"I was restoring my IPhone 5s and an error happened and it shift to recovery mode and i am trying to restore it but it is not restoring and i am stuck in recovery mode.
can someone help ?"
"The iphone ist slow and my is stopped at update. No way no support from apple.
Buy a new phone! That is your hartware. ok apple **** on me. A guy in Düsseldorf need´s 1 min for reset. Now i
have sell all my applke devices. Never aplle again. Thank´s support"
"For almost any Apple iOS there is a community, why not for Find My Friends?
Where can I suggest feature requests for Find My Friends?"
I recently updated my iPhone 4 with iOS7 and it's been smooth so far.  But I've noticed a small but pesky bug where randomly my keyboard shortcuts will disappear.  If I'm texting someone, the shortcut will all of a sudden not work.  When I go to the settings and look for them, it shows I no longer have any shortcuts.  Turning off and on the phone then brings them back, but I've had to do this repeatedly for a while now.  Please help.
A few days ago I noticed an app of mine that is in landscape and needs you to tilt the phone wasn't working. I updated that app yesterday and it still doesn't work. Along with that I realized that my phone does not go to landscape when I tilt it when I'm on calculator, messages or anything else that I could possibly want to be in landscape. I have done a hard reset and a full settings reset and nothing has changed! Help!!!
How to switch mph to kmph in weather app?
Yesterday, I just updated my iOS on my iPhone 4S to the latest iOS, which is iOS 7.0.4. However, after doing so, my wifi option suddenly grayed out. This also somehow affected my bluetooth, as my bluetooth is also not functioning. Can anyone help me out on this? I tried to restore my phone twice but couldn't because there was an error.
how can i enable a disabled iphone
HT5704 how do i download iOS 6.1.3 as I don't want to go to iOS7 yet
No volume when using apps
 "There was lots of down time. If you worked in the garden center you got to listen to the radio, set to your own station (though this wasn't authorized). Tattoos, piercings, and unnatural hair colors were allowed."
I liked making the customers happy with the finished product and informing clients of their options."
"I liked having empowerment to serve the customer! Management lets you do your job and put in your hours every day."
I liked meeting the people and also walking around on the floor."
"Benefits package, flex time, decent pay checks that's about it."
"The people I worked with were focused on getting the job done and encouraging new ideas."
"It is fairly rewarding, with excellent benefit packages and nice overall workplace environment."
"It is an industry leader in the wireless industry, and a top class global organization."
Easy to use, software is pretty much the same because I upgraded on my old phone. Nice and slim compared to other models.
Battery life is still a bit iffy but an improvement from the iphone 4s.
Easy navigation and fast connection
I do think its expensive, more so than a computer !!
Keeps freezing, not very impressed with performance
only from the company i got the phone from go to another company next time .
dont buy from this company
smart design easy to use
volume that other people hear is not the loudest
great phone, exactly as described in reviews, and no issues
battery life
Easy to use, Beautiful, crisp display, Very light.
Battery life is better than the 4s (my previous phone) but it's still not great.
fab phone, tried to move away from apple just for a change- nightmare. Do not spend your money on anything else.
Bit of a wait for my phone.
Signal
its an apple so 100% good points
battery life could do better
Lovely phone for Apple 4S or 4 USERS. Not for Apple 5 users
Not that much difference from Apple 5
Universal Content/Sharing
Reliability/Warranty
Performance
New Features
OS/Interface
Apps
Screen is smaller than the competing phones
No SD card slot for expanding storage
Camera not equal to some of the other top phones
Speakers pointing down is not a good design
Apple Maps still has issues
Battery life could be better
Much improved display
Excellent front and rear camera
Super, super fast web surfing
Great looking design, so happy to be away from the glass back.
The obvious incompatibility with prior accessories. 
Maps - The Maps app is almost comical. But I feel bad for people that depend on it. It needs to be fixed ASAP.
No widgets
Speed isn't faster for me
Scratches very easily
Siri is a letdown
It is a good place to work. Management is forever changing though.
Typical day at work would be smooth and easy. I learned how to work cash registers and stock. Management and co-workers were great. The hardest part of the job was during holidays when the stores were packed but everything about the job was enjoyable.
Working at walmart i learned alot i learned that the customers are always right treat people the way you want to be treated and to take charge when and where you can.
Everyday was a learning experience. I was happy to come to work...
I applied for sales associate at the electronics department with limited experience in electronics. In a couple of weeks i took notes and learned about all our products and new ones that came in. People around me helped me out alot. my co workers were amazing people and always helped me out when i needed it. Not only was i in electronics but i also worked in the connections department. I picked up fast on that job and in 2 weeks i was able to get contracts and make sales also for lines. the hardest job was when it would get really busy and we would be short staffed. what i enjoyed was just being around great co workers.
The most enjoyable part of this job is interacting each and everyday with customers. A bright smile and great attitude can brightens someone's day. The hardest part of this job is trying to balance the hours and trying to have a life outside of the workplace. The vast majority of my co-workers are fun to work with; they keep my day going. The management there is not all that great. They show little compassion for their employees. They are sometimes quite rude and unconcerned about certain matters. The lessons I have learned from Wal-Mart are to be courteous to everyone you meet and greet and always smile
maintenance assocate (Current Employee), las vegas, nv – November 19, 2013
fair place to work. co-workers are friendly. management doesn't really work together. most are not sure what the other needs done
i liked working at wal mart unfortunately they closed down.
I enjoyed my time there the work was hard but I like staying busy,I learned how to work with difficult people. Some of the management was great to work with and my coworkers were good peoples.
come in lock in friendly work environment managers help out on register and at the Wal-Mart i was at had free donuts every Friday.
I learned a lot working here. I also got a lot more outgoing and understanding with people. My co workers were like my 2nd family we all had each others backs.
Enjoyed my job. I learned new things and had a great team. We all worked together well in every situation.

To interact with various employees, with different background and attitudes and helping them succeed in a competitive workplace.
Walmart was a fun place to work at. I really only enjoyed the customers!
Fun environment, helpful co-workers.
Schedules are flexible.
The hardest part is being on your feet for hours.
Cashiering is my typical day at work.
I learned different codes for all types of goods, fruits and meats
The management team, (Manager, assistant managers, supervisors, asst. supervisors) they're all friendly, and they always assist me whenever I need their help, they're very friendly and funny too, we cracked jokes whenever we're on our break.
I like them a lot
Open vision center
Print all necessary papers off for the day
Preliminary eye testing
Book appointments
Place glass and contact orders
Customer service
I have workred here for 6 years now and have truly enjoyed the learning and training opportunities I have recieved here.
I'm in constant interaction with the customers. I work as a Cashier in the front end of the store. During the holiday seasons and weekends, the lanes start to get more expanded...which keeps me more alert, focus, and occupied. I'm people friendly, so I enjoy coming in contact with people and making sure their needs are fullfilled.
Walmart was very assumptive of what people were doing and never followed through with actual investigation of employee actions being taken to keep up or correcting mistakes. Management was often hard to work with and usually very unreasonable. Hours fluctuate constantly and they went through employees as though they were nothing. You never quite ge
use to work a lot overtime and cooperate with my employer in rush time, good relationship with my jobs partners, available all the time
I enjoy working with this company. the benefits, the management and the people. they treat me like not other, and that's what i love about it. as Asian sometimes my English is not that good but my co- worker and customers teach me how to be confident despite of my bad English..
very unorganized, poor management and over worked and understaffed .
A typical day encountered being on the registers for an 8 hour shift. I learned there is more to a job than being right. Almost all of the mgmt was very easy to get along with & helpful. Most of the co-workers were friendly & helpful. The hardest part of this job was standing on your feet the entire work shift. The most enjoyable part of this job wa
Fun environment, helpful co-workers.
i learned that the customers are always right
management was ok.
i loved my co-workers
leaving
just being there was fun
great boss
great co workers
great benefits
some managers were not equipped to do their jobs
a lot of favoritism
I learned how to complete multiple task in a short period of time and i also learned how to use new technology.
To interact with various employees, with different background and attitudes and helping them succeed in a competitive workplace.
 Ever since I updated my iPhone 5 with the 7.0.4 version, I can no longer use WiFi anywhere. Not even on my home router which I've been connected to for over 3 years. I have reset the phone, restored from iTunes backup, restarted the router etc etc. Nothing works.
" settings>general>reset>reset network settings.
 
when the device boots back up click wifi and try to connect"
 Didn't work. Nothing works.
" perform a back up and restore

dont know how to do both of these things?

http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1766"
 If you read the original post you'll see that I've RESET the phone and RESTORED FROM AN ITUNES BACKUP and nothing works. iOS 7.0.4 has ****** my phone.
" There is a good chance that your iPhone has developed a hardware problem. Take it to an Apple Store for evaluation.
 
I doubt that iOS 7.0.4 had anything to do with your problem although the update process itself may have brought out a latent problem. I updated by iPhone 5 with iOS 7.0.4 and have had no WiFi problems."
" I have the exact same issue. Wifi worked fine before ios 7.0.4 now broken.
And yes, I've done all the same crap: restore network settings, restored my whole iPhone, 100 reboots…"
 I have the same issue.  Too much of a concidence that as soon as I installed 7.0.4, I couldn't connect to known WiFi connection in my home that I've been using for years.  I tried all the shut down, restore network settings, reboot, etc.  It has to be the new ios.  Can I uninstall and let it run on the old ios? 
" I went from the iphone 5 on ios 7 to the 5S and the animations on the 5S stutter about 50% of the time. specifically opening and closing  folders and opening and closing apps.
 
ios7 on my iphone 5 runs buttery smooth.    I thought the 5S is supposed to run better not worse.
 
anyone else having this issue and any suggestions?   I believe that the software version for the 5S is not quite optimized at it should.
 
ios7 on the 5 went through 6 betas with thousands of developers running the betas reporting bugs.  No one had the 5S so maybe its version of ios 7 is not quite finished.
 
any thoughts would be appreciated
 
Thanks"
" Hi !
 
Happy to hear someone has the same issue... It effectively happens 50% of the time. Even when scrolling the background images in the settings, you can see the animation is sometimes not fluid.
Perfect animations on my iPhone 5 too everywhere/all the time.
As this is the first time I see someone suffering the same issue as me, I hope it's not a hardware issue.
 
BTW, did you make a fresh install of your 5S or did you use a restore from your iPhone 5 backup ?
 
Cheers
Seb"
" I  initially set up the 5S from a 5 backup.   After noticing the stuttering I did a full restore and set up as a new phone. 
 
No real difference.
 
Hopefully a software bug.     I would have though that if this was a wide spread issue there would be more written on it. 
 
If future ios7 updates don't fix then I will try to exchange the phone.
 
JC"
" This might not be the same issue you're talking about, but I noticed a little hiccup when returning to the home screen from an app or a folder, as though the screen was jerking/clicking into place for lack of a better description. Fixed it by turning on 'Reduce Motion' in the General/Accessibility menu - this disables the (in my opinion, pointless) parallax effect on the screen and cures the weird little jerking effect when returning to the home screen.
 
Again, probably not the issue you're talking about but worth a shot!"
" Thanks JC for your reply, it saves me a lot of work !
I'll do the same as you if the next 7.x update doesn't resolve the bug.
 
Cheers
Seb
 "
" Hi Hannibal Chew,
 
I think you're spot on. That's exactly the same issue I have.
 
Cheers
Seb"
" Seb
 
The issue that Hannibal Chew is talking about as well as the macrumors forum is different than what I am experiencing. 
Although I have noticed this also
 
 
What I am experiencing happens wether parallax is on or off.  The animation of the folder opening and closing as well as apps opening and closing seems to stutter as it is not one fluid movement like on the 5.   The apps still run fine and it does not seem to effect the performance of the phone but it is quite the annoyance. iOS has always been know for its smoothness especially on new hardware.
 
As I mentioned it does not happen all the time.  I placed my 5 next to my 5s and tapped the same folders and apps. 
The 5s would stutter on occasion, about 50% more or less while the same action on the 5 would not stutter even once.
 
Is this the same behavior you are seeing?   If not then maybe i just got a bad phone.
 
Thanks. "
" I have the same problem. I think everything was fluent the first few days but now animations like closing apps and folders are stuttering. Whereby not all apps and folders are affected but it's still annoying.
PS: I have the iPhone 5S."
" Hi jmco173,
 
Sorry I didn't see your last post.
No I don't have this issue. Mine is completely different and is probably related to the sensorgate story...
 
Cheers
Seb"
 Actually restoring and setting up as a new phone resolved the issue for me. Even I was facing upto 50% stutter but happy to say that its all gone now.
 I've set up my iPhone 5s as new one when I got it, the issues started maybe one week after that. I don't want to restore it again now, I'll wait for 7.0.1.
" Hello
 
I have restored and set up as a new phone twice.   Did not resolve the issue.  The current software versiosn is 7.0.2 and it has stutterred all 7.0,  7.0.1 and 7.0.2.  
 
I am hoping that 7.1 which should be out soon (hopefully) resolves this."
" Same problems with my 5S.
 
It really annoys me cause this makes it feel even slower than my girlfriends iPhone 5.
 
I noticed another bug with the animations that doesnt appear to be present on the iPhone 5/C and 4S:
 
When I scroll through my multitasking windows (which often lags/stutters as ****) and I then press Home to go back to my main screen, the animation is a little different. If you look closely you will notice that the animation doesnt doesnt stop when the Icons are zoomed into place. With a 1 second delay the Icons seem to pop/stretch into the right position. This is annoying as **** once you noticed it. Happens all the time when quitting multitasking view.
 
""One annoying example: the zoom-in transition animation that displays when the user opens any app from within the multitasking interface is very smooth up until the last instant. Just as the app screen has zoomed in nearly all the way, there is a brief stutter as the image fills out the last bit of space approaching the edges of the iPhone’s screen."" source: bgr.com"
" 5S 32GB here...AT&T...SAME ISSUE even after 7.0.3! and YES my 5S feels SLOWER than my iPhone5!
 
WHAT A SHAME!"
" Well my Iphone 5s 32 gb is definitely faster than 5 otherwise.. after 7.0.3 update the animation in dialer became smoother( used to stutter before while zooming in) and spotlight search integrated web n wikipedia search ; and last the parallex an all animations can be stopped all together so no unlock and immediately dialing delay;;
But a new bug came up... while zooming in gallery from years to days ..theres a stutter!! Its annoying as it never happened before as it is the only single bug in my flawless handset."
 If they won't fix this until the end of the year I'am going to sell my 5S. I feel like the upgrade from my iPhone 5 to the 5S wasnt worth the extra money. Very disappointing!
 7.0.4 didn't do anything.
" I updated to 7.04 about two hours ago and so far the stuttering seems to have been greatly reduced
 
not to say that it is completely gone but where it used to stutter about 50% of the time it now only seems to be
About 10-20 %.   The stuttering goes away completely of you turn on the reduce motion but I like the animations. 
 
Definitely an improvement"
 I agree, performance has increased with 7.0.4. Stutters are pretty rare now. But still not fixed entirely.
 Anyone tried Beta1? is that problem fixed in Beta1?
 Ofcourse! iPhone5S & iOS7 is a DISASTER!
" I only see studder when switching between apps, some highlights are, switching to
Photos
Facebook
 
Anyone else experiences the same?"
" Pen not tracking on top corners correctly, top left and top right. Confirmed at Best Buy locations .Yes, I did many times try calibrating .Try this, rest your palm on the screen like you would to write. Now try to get to the file menu with the palm still on screen. The cursor will fly off screen. use notepad full-screen. 

I just came back from best buy yet again. They tested it with 2 new pens and the problem was still there for me. They tried out the pens on the display models and the problem is still showing on them too. The odd thing is from what I can see the jumping off the pen tracking is based on the angle of the pen and only on the 2 top corners. When I have the pen on an angle I write with the tracking fly's off screen even more. The problem is not with the edges on this version of Surface Pro 2 from my testing. Its happening on the top corners. I can't reach the file menu on other programs that do not have the top menu bar. For example Manga Studio 5 file menu is right up against the top left. You have to hover over the toolbar to try to click it. 

We also just called Microsoft, they were able to reproduce the problem. The Microsoft guy was pretty upset about it. 

I talked to other Surface Pro 2 owners and they too are getting the issue."
 I can thankfully say that I do not have this issue.
 I also have this pen tracking issue on the top left and top right. I think I will try the 273 point calibration. Has anyone else with the SP2 done this to fix our tracking issue?
" I'm having this issue... ...But only with the Wacom Feel IT driver installed. Otherwise the pen tracks as expected, only then no pressure sensitivity support in the art applications I have installed.

I did uninstall the Wacom Feel IT driver, then reinstalled it with the Type Cover disconnected. That helped mitigate a few of the Wacom Feel IT driver quirks but not so much the accuracy.

Considering returning/exchanging the Surface Pro 2, though also hoping that Wacom would offer a fix in a driver update instead."
 You all are still using the same Wacom driver like on Surface Pro 1, I guess... there should be an updated version as soon as the SP2 has established properly on the market, I guess.
" Perhaps not all of us... ...But definitely quite a few. Keeping my fingers crossed that Wacom will release an update that is Windows 8.1 and Surface Pro 2 compatible soon.

Cause apparently they are aware there are issues. Where I learned about them, besides first hand frustration, and how to limp around them is:

- Updated with fix? Users reporting loss of pen control with Windows 8.1 update
- Can you help solve this Surface Pro 2 - Wacom driver mystery? Update: Fix forthcoming?
- Official Surface blog publishes pen tips

For obvious reasons, Surface Pro Artists has become one of my favorite sites of late."
" I just made an odd discovery... ...I found that pen tracking improved with the current Wacom Feel IT driver (712-9) after deciding to switch to using the pen from my long gone Lenovo ThinkPad x61t as my primary; because I still have a collection of replacement nubs for it. 

This makes me ponder if part of the tracking problem is in the pen itself. How many folks are using pens from other devices or Wacom's own Baboo Feel pens? Are you getting better tracking on the Surface Pro 2?"
 OP maybe you're having some hardware issues or your you just need to update. There are some who experience this though
 I just tweeted to Microsoft surface team. I may try calling them later to see how this issue will be addressed. I would rather not send this back just to get another one that has the same issue. It would be nice to know how many people actually have this issue. I would think this issue could be corrected with a software update and new pen calibration. My only concern would be if the Wacom driver would be updated to include whatever fix is necessary to correct our specific issues.
 Aye... ...Have the same questions, and dilemma. Is this just a quirk that can be fixed with a driver update or is this a hardware fault? Should I return it and gamble on having to set up another inaccurate hardware device or wait a bit longer for news, confirmation, solutions.
 Mine works perfectly and is significantly improved compared to the SP1. Weird.
 Lucky for you... ...So I take it you have the Wacom Feel IT driver installed, if so, which version number? Are you using the pen that came with the Surface Pro 2 or a different type; a Wacom Bamboo Feel or one from another device. A few details would help work out if its a hardware thing or a software thing. Please share details.
 I tried my friends SP2 the other day and had this exact problem. Since it only happens in the very top corners and you can still physically get to the corners it really doesn't seem like a big deal, even if they don't fix it with a driver update. This is especially true with drawing because you tend to move the canvas around to draw in the center of the screen. 
" So I took one for the team and chatted with Microsoft tech support for almost two hours.... They had me do many things including trying the Feel driver and restoring my device. I knew that wouldn't do anything. They said there engineers knew about this issue and that they may have a fix in the Nov 12th update. I might exchange it for another if they don't have a software fix. 

Secondly, I tried the 273 point calibration. It definitely helps but it causes the pen not be able to do anything at the very edge of the problematic areas. You will run into an invisible border that prevents and pen use past it. It is about 1 or 2 mm from the screen edge. I had a picture to show this but it was lost when my device was reset. I used Fresh Paint but I didn't have Skydrive sync enabled."
 I am actually resetting my Surface Pro 2 right now... ...Plan to take it back to the Microsoft Store tomorrow morning on my way to work. Will exchange it if they have another 256GB model in stock. Otherwise I'll return it for my money back and wait until I hear that this issue is truly resolved. I made several attempts to get the system to accurately track the pen, including using a different pen, and none of them worked consistently. I'm sure now that it is more than just a Wacom Feel IT driver support issue that is wrong with my device. Of course a driver update would have and likely will improve matters; at least one can hope.
" <<...I tried the 273 point calibration....it causes the pen not be able to do anything at the very edge of the problematic areas. You will run into an invisible border that prevents and pen use past it. It is about 1 or 2 mm from the screen edge...>>

...That's a very interesting comment. I ran into a similar issue with my EP121, but not in the context of the 273-point calibration. There was simply a hard limit on the cursor movement as it got to within about 2mm of one of the screen edges. I never noticed it during actual usage, however; I was always able to reach and click on whatever I needed.

Another comment about this. I've been watching this discussion for a while. Having tried the Pro 2's digitizer on the display model at my local Microsoft store, I can tell you that I couldn't find anything wrong with the edge tracking, except in the one corner where the cursor likes to get ahead of the nib by 2mm-3mm. Not a big defect, in my opinion. 

It appears that only some units have this problem. But if it were a software / driver issue, wouldn't all Pro 2's exhibit this behavior? I mention this because I'd be a little dubious of an ""update fix"" for this. If it were a driver customized for your particular Pro 2, I could believe that. But not a generalized software update..."
 So sad... ...Microsoft Surface Pro 2 returned. The store manager and I looked at all the Surface Pro 2 demo units and everyone had the same pen tracking issues. So no exchange for me. I'm going to wait and see if this issue is resolved with a driver and/or firmware update. Or if its not a software issue then the next production run is of better quality. Hopefully by December.
" I know it's all a matter of opinion and different personal expectations, and not to sound too flippant about the performance of your 1000$ purchase, but watching the video I felt like this was much ado about nothing. Working on a tablet pc has always been about following the cursor, not the pen tip-- most notably on the edges. I don't see why this is any different. Sure, there's a jump at the corners, and it's clearly a defect, but its not particularly different than a host of other edge-accuracy issues that Wacom digitizers have always had in tablet pcs, and which I've seen complaints about. Perhaps, though, real good will come out of these complaints, and an issue that many of us have come to accept and deal with/ not think much of will be resolved... thus providing better edge and corner accuracy for everyone.

I would say that for those wanting pretty pristine edge accuracy in their digitizer, they should just be using Ntrig, which actually prides itself on that fact and delivers. It not as ""responsive"" as Wacom is, nor the pressure levels as fluid, but it is absolutely quite accurate and very acceptable for taking notes on a small device, where edge inch of screen space matters."
" While this is no way invalidates your opinion, I would just say that you're not alone. There are a number of artists around these forums that have had similar issues with various newer devices, only to note that their 5 year old xxxxx machine had far better tracking. On this point, I generally agree. I'm not sure what the issue is, but my older machines (pre.... 2009 or so) all have better tracking everywhere. That's clear. 

I hope MS fixes the issue, because hopefully that'll set a precedent about expectation from other OEMs, who have generally been allowed to be a bit sloppy, honestly."
" on my pro 1 I had the exact same issue that would occur randomly. Do you know what finally fixed it for me? installing the latest drivers from wacom. before pen cursor would go to the top corners or would disappear randomly. ever since I installed the latest drivers, I haven't had not one single pen issue and the tracking near edges is much better now. no more disappearing cursor or cursor being stuck up in corner no matter where pen was.


the latest wacom feel it drivers will work on pro2 also. plus it gives you a pen control panel that gives you far more control over the behavior of the pen. highly recommend it."
Small room with a few very uncomfortable couches, and there is no lounge toilet.
The economy seats are the hardest, impossible to get comfortable.
From NZ to Korea the aircraft was ok but old and the entertainment screen was low quality, on the way back we had a newer plane from Japan to Korea but the plane was so dirty.
Each seat had no air conditioning control.
4 hour flight from Manila to Inchon and a 6 hour layover.
Very old 744 with small seats and poor legroom.
Haneda to Gimpo. Business Class. A 2 hour flight where the standard of service for business class was very poor.
Two weeks ahead of a long planned trip, they made a schedule change that only gave us 45 minutes in Seoul to make our connection to Bali.
Korean Air is lagging behind other airlines in east Asia.
Will avoid flying Korean at least in business class in the future. 
Did not fulfill the customer's request while checking in.
The airline calls the seats "lie-flat" and should not be allowed to. When fully reclined into a bed, the seats pitch downward at a noticeable angle, causing you to slide right down them.
Cabin staff have a poor understanding of English - they didn't seem to be a staff member that could speak fluent English.
The business class had no TV or entertainment, seats about 20% bigger than economy, that reclined no more than an economy seat. Throughout the flight, economy passengers were allowed to come up and use the toilets in business class.
Unable to pre-book seats online unless a skypass member, very limited AVOD for a 14 hour flight
Their "cancellation fees" took more than $300
Over-heated until the landing
My seat (21A) malfunctioned: did not move back and front, etc.
How to change itinerary from purchased ticket.
How to change return dates.
What are the dates for peak/off-peak season air fares?
How old is considered an infant?
Infant fare eligibility if the child is 23months upon departure and 25months upon return.
How much is the fare for an incapacitated passenger?
Can a lost ticket be re-issued?
Does the free baggage allowence for international flight apply to domestic flights?
Is advanced seat assignment available?
Someone else using the purchased ticket rather than the owner.
Different identification on the ticket from the passport.
Who is eligible for child fare?
Extending expired ticket.
Reservation for multiple destination.
When does the validity of a ticket begin?
Is refund not allowed for unused portion of certain tickets?
Refund for expired ticket.
Refund with different method.
Refunding lost ticket.
An error occurs when using credit cards issued outside of Korea to pay for my ticket.
Changing itinerary online.
Purchasing a ticket within a certain time.
Viewing the fare rules and restrictions.
Proof of purchased ticket.
Child fare eligibility.
Specifying reference number.
Lack of entertaining products.
With a very long layover overnight, no hotel vouchers.
Meals are a disgrace, small, unappealing and rushed.
 Check-in was a pain, with staff running across different counters, leaving passengers half-checked-in and stranded clueless with nobody serving.
Staff took 20 minutes to answer a customer's bell.
In-flight wireless service would help most of the customers
"Good Day
 
I have not forgotten my password and can access my account with no problem however i am having a problem authorizing my pc as it asks me to enter my ID and Password and once i have done that it then asks me to answer two of the three security questions i answered when setting up however i cannot remember them at all so now i would like to know if i can reset them in anyway. I have e-mailed apple support and all i got was i must reset my password and as you can tell by now that is not the problem i am having.
 
 
Thanks
"
"You can go to appleid.apple.com and select manage your account. From there select password and security, you can change your PW and security questions there...
"
"It will not let me change my security questions unless I can answer them -- and since my son randomly entered characters, I cannot answer the questions!!!
"
"You will need to go to https://expresslane.apple.com follow through with iTunes>iTunes Store>Account Management and have an iTunes Advisor contact you.
"
"This only points you to Apple support team, it seems like they don't have a solution for this. I have the same problem, if anyone knows what to do please help!
"
"They did help me in the end, they can reset the questions for you.  Although it was difficult to explain what I needed..
"
"can you explain it? im not up to calling them or emailing haha please help me
"
"There is no other way - I have have emailed with them for two days.. You car reset your password by yourself, but that doesn't reset the questions. For that, you really need to contact Apple support. Express lane is a goog way to do that: https://expresslane.apple.com/
"
"I am new to this apple community thing. I have been participating in another community which seems to discussing the same problem. What determines which community you are assigned to?
"
"If you see any link to reset security information, on page where it asks two sections, then you can get email and which will guide you to reset your security questions & date of birth.
 
If you dont see that link, then you dont have rescue email set in your profile, contact Apple in this case."
"I tried that and it doesn't have the option to reset
"
"HI,
 
As you know the password and can access your Account in various places then Start Here
This is the Apple ID Support page
It is a portal to create a new Or Login with an Existing Name.
Choose Manage Account to Login.
Once you have logged in at the next page you then go to your account.
On the left is a Menu with Security and Passwords.
As you entered the page with your passwords you don't have to re-enter any details.
You can change the Answers to the Question your originally set or you can change both Questions and Answers  (I would not suggest changing Questions only as you would still need to remember the answers that you say you can't ast the moment"
" I just resolved a similar issue with my itunes account.I wasn't able to make purchases from my ipod with out answering the security questions first. After searching for numerous hours I finally decided to contact Apple Support. The rep wasnt able to help me over the phone and stated there no contact number for this issue. However he did point me in the correct direction.
    It turns out you must go to https://appleid.apple.com then go to ""Support"" then go to ""Contact Support"" and select iTunes or whatever product you are having issues with and your support category (Account Management  then iTunes Store Account Security) Make sure to answer the questions below as well. Once you do that specify your issue.On the next screen choose your ""Contact Option"". I had better luck with the ""Email"" option. On that screen make sure your first name, last name and apple id are entered then give a detailed description of the issue then hit send. I sent in my issue at 2:47pm 06/16/2012 and it was resolved / reset by 3:21pm 06/16/2012 pretty fast indeed! After serching for days this is the only way to get the Security Questions reset. Hope this helps"
"I'm going threw the same thing was this hard to get to ?
"
"Finding an aswer was hard but the actual process wasn't. Follow the steps I posted, the tech will reset the secuirty questions and answers and notify you via email.
"
"Well rIght now yes they replied back to me and they say they said they need  the order number of one of my purchases
 
- the answer to each of your 3 security questions (3 answers total needed):
 
And two items from this list:
 
- your birth date
- the billing address listed on the account
- the phone number on the account
 
Is this what you went threw to reset your account ?"
"I too am having the same issue. My son can't remember his answers. This is very frustrating...I'm not a patient person when it comes to technology!
"
"Seems to me after reading many comment on this issue that one of the following three is the logical answer
1. help is designed to frustrate so that no responsibity is take.
2 The staff have not been given any training.
3 The staff are all just making it up."
"Idk where, but you have to go to a location on itunes, enter your current secerity settings, and then change it.
"
"Call apple, give his personal info (nane, user name, pass, etc) and they will probally give it to you
"
"Hey, my captions say its 1218pm. Its 325pm in The USA, how do i change it?
"
"HI,
 
System Preferences > Date & Time.
Check actual time and Time Zone settings"
"how to do
"
"Brilliant! This helped alot. Just waiting for response. You sure they will reset it or do I have to prove all sorts of stuff first?
"
"hey ralph you still have to know the security questions to get into password and security. there's know way to do anything unless you know those friggin' answers.
"
"HI,
 
I am afraid that my experience with the Apple ID page is different.
 
I can get to this page"
"I only have two questions and it wont send my information at the very bottom ive sent about 4 and tried to reset the password and send information to my email but its not sending!!
"
"Hi,

Do you have Access to the email listed on the First page ?
 
An @mac.com name for instance is not an Email address in itself.
As a name linked to a MobileMe account it could be used as a Email name with the @me.com account.
Of course MobileMe has now ended.
You may have Linked an Existing ID such as @Mac.com to an iCloud ID (again likely to be an @me.com name).
 
You could also try the options that Sandra285 suggests on the 16th June."
"I get emails from apple im just not getting my information is it
"
"I would  try the Sandra285 iTunes route then.
"
"this doesnt work you are a lier i tried it around a billion times it still doesnt work
"
"You are not only a bad speller, you sound like very nasty person.
"
"...the only contact is for me to call them, i can't choose email, what do i do then? HELP!!!
"
"HI,
 
There are multiple suggestions to the original Question in this Thread that I have no idea as to what bits you are now referring to.
 
It is also about six months since anyone else posted to this thread."
"Stores in Australia discount apple apps cards. is this a result of ""frustration"" with this issue???
"
"HI,
 
Generally speaking Apple do not allow the discounting of their Products.
This means that the price you see on the On Line Store is often the price at your local retailer whether that is a Local Apple Store or a  Reseller.
 
I have only seen iTunes Cards on sale here  (That does not mean that there are not App Store Cards elsewhere) as the pot of money at iTunes can be access in the App Store.
 
If a reseller is discounting cards they are probably doing it off their own back.
I have heard and seen Resellers lose their Apple Deal doing that sort of thing."
"Hi guys i have an issue here, my brothers friends sell this iphone4 to me and i bought it, but i forgot to ask for his apple id and password which is the PRIMARY apple id and password.. is there any posibilities that i can change the primary apple id when he's died yesterday for a shootout.. so i cant ask him for his apple i.d.. i need some help here.. please if someone is concern. thank you
"
"Hi,
 
If you can't remember the answers to those Questions then there is a  link at the bottom that will email you with the answers,
 
However this will be to the Recovery Email you have set up.
If that is no longer accessible to you it is wise to set up a new recovery email first.
 "
"Hi,
 
Your post is not actually relevant to this thread.
 
However start here http://www.apple.com/support/iphone/assistant/phone/
 "
"go to this WebSite
 
Sign in
 
And if You have add {Rescue Email Address} in your account     send Rescue email by clicking  {Send reset security info email to xxxxxx@xxx.com}in Password and Security menu
 
and reset your Security Questions
 
 
i Wish this help you     Brother"
"There is no such link at the bottom. All I see are two question fields. Could you screenshot it maybe with an arrow? Tried to reset the password (although I knew it), but still do not see any way I can change security questions... :|
"
"Theres a drop down ? I do not have those options and i need to change my questions and anwsers. I have sent my alternative email to get my anwsers to anwser my quesions and it has never come. This is ridiculous. How do i change my questions and anwsers now ?
"
"You can go to appleid.apple.com and select manage your account.Then select password and security, then you will able to change your Password and security questions there ok
"
"This issue has been preventing me buying fron the iTunes store on two Apple devices for more than a year now. I am amazed Apple cannot see its own problem and does not address the issue when apparently so many customers, including myself, have been telling them about it. My Apple ID account administration does not give the option of setting new security answers without knowing the answers to the existing ones. This is not helpful when the security questions are as stupid as 'Which of the cars you've owned has been your favourite?'. Fortunately I have owned cars, but my favourite has, like my car, changed in the years since the questions were set. And would the answer filled in without so much as a thought a few years back have been something along the lines of ""Ford"", ""Mondeo"", ""Ford Mondeo"", ""Ford Mondeo 2.0"", ""Ford Mondeo 2.0L TDCi"", ""The red Ford"", ""Red Mondeo"", etc. (You get the idea...Not my actual taste in cars by the way.) They're not exactly the security questions of geniuses. I guess I'll get round to buying from iTunes with my Apple devices when Apple comes up with something more sensible. In the meantime it's back to my PC.
"
"Hi, I wanted to add my experience to this thread:
 
I followed Sandra's advice (up on the first page) and got a phone call from Apple Support.  I explained that someone had started an apple ID account with an email account in my name, etc.  The operator took in my details, went offline for a couple of minutes with their supervisor, then got back to me with information that the bad account had been disabled.  Took all of about 10 minutes."
"I have a problem, I really don't understand the way to change the security answers. The thing is I don't want to speak to apple on the phone or some sort, is there any other way? I used to think these security questions are useless, so few years back when I just owned a new iphone and I created an apple id without knowing anything. PLEASE HELP ME.
"
"Estou com o mesmo problema, não lembro as respostas para as perguntas de segurança. Você conseguiu resolver?
"
"També preciso desta resposta. Você conseguiu resgatar as respostas para as suas perguntas de segurança?
"
"hey what email did you ask help from?
"
"it wont let me reset the questions though
"
"I have a problem with my order. Everytime I place it there is a warning: ""We're sorry. This item can't be shipped to your selected destination. You may either change the shipping address or delete the item from your order."" 
I already changed it to another adress, but it still doesn't work... "
Are you shipping in the US or internationally? There are some international restrictions
There are also some items that can't be sent to Alaska or Hawaii and there are some that can't be sent to a PO box. Without more information, we can't offer much. 
No want to buy somthing from the United states, and I live in Germany. The item can be send to Germany 
"If you are purchasing from a marketplace seller, some of them do not do international shipping. Here is a page on International Shipping:

http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=help_search_1-2?ie=UTF8&nodeId=596184&qid=1326319167&sr=1-2 
"
i get this error too!! i am trying to ship to australia! does this mean my sellers do not ship internationally? i am ordering about 6 different items from 6 suppliers, and they all have the same error messages 
"Some marketplace sellers do not ship internationally. some items can't be shipped internationally. You could use the Contact Us button to the upper right to see if customer service knows. Or, you could click on the seller's name on the product page and see if their storefront says anything or you can send them an email and ask. 
"
Unfortunately Amazon does not allow us (Marketplace sellers) to ship internationally unless it is a media item (book, DVD, music, video, etc). At least that is what I was told by Amazon. Very frustrating as a seller :( 
"rahghg how frustrating! is there any way we can by-pass this? 
its difficult trying to buy fancy dress costumes etc when they wont ship to aus!"
"This table from Seller Help seems to confirm what TommyD said: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=1161252#delivery

...even though this page makes no mention of any restrictions: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=200420430 
"
I am getting this message. I am in California and trying to buy mace. We have no restrictions on mace so I don't understand the problem. 
I am trying to buy a $10 rubber grommet (car part) shipping to CA. I try a PO Box and I try a street address. Get this same message. How about a reason it can't be shipped so the customer can correct or, at least, understand the problem? 
I try to reorder the same things I've ordered in the past and sometimes get the same message. 
I have used Amazon before but now when I try to order books to my SA address it tells me that it cannot ship to address? I have tried both my post box and physical address?? 
"I am in Australia. Every time i have tried to place an order in the last 12 months i have received this ""unable to ship to your destination"" message. It's a street address. There have been small electronics, DVDs and now books. I am giving up completely on Amazon. It's just a waste of time and effort.
Mike "
"Mike, L, have you tried AmazonGlobal?
http://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=230659011 "
Never heard of it. Will have look. Thanks. 
"Found the site. Tried to purchase. Same result. Waste of time. So much for ""Global"".
Mike "
"Is there a competition site for Amazon? I'm sick of wasting my time here... Been a member for many years now, but tired of banging my head against the wall...
Mike "
I'm sorry it didn't work for you, Mike. 
"Never mind, it's called change. Companies come up, develop a good reputation, then trade on it while letting standards collapse. Then the company collapses. Another company comes up, and the cycle repeats....
Mike
"
Mike - Were the items you were trying to order available in other Amazon stores i.e. the UK? The reason I ask is that ukbrandsworldwide.com offer a shop and ship service. Maybe they could purchase it for you and send it to Australia? 
Same issue for me, although I'm trying to purchase from a UK based seller for UK delivery and all I get is "Some of the items in your order cannot be delivered to the address selected. Please select a different address to see the estimated order total." I have tried several different UK addresses and none work. Here's an example http://www.amazon.co.uk/Samsung-UE32F6100-32-inch-Widescreen-Freeview/dp/B00BXM1XX2/ref=sr_1_41?m=A2EHRJY7YUH6ZT 
You are aware that you are on the US site, aren't you? 
Look for "_INTERNATIONAL_ & domestic shipping rates" in description. Not everyone offers this.
"R. Todd,
You should reach out to the UK Customer Support to find out why the item(s) can't be delivered to your address. You can contact them from: https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/browse-form-dispatch/dispatch.html/?&nodeId=471044 "
"95% of the ebay market is able to ship small and medium no risk items overseas, but Amazon, I never find anything that ships to Australia. Do all the sellers just decide they don't want to use international shipping and that they don't want thousands of sales from international customers?

This is a joke and I don't think it's the sellers fault. 
"
"Amazon gives most sellers a set shipping allowance, but it's usually not enough to cover international postage, so many sellers just don't offer international shipping, because otherwise they would lose on the sale. 
"
"Thanks. :)
Might go and see what that site is about... :)
Mike "
"K., this is information from the USPS re conditions for mailing to Australia. As you can see, things can get complicated and it's different for every country. Some restrict the dollar amount or the number of items in a box so the paperwork can be a pain in the neck. I think it's funny that Australia won't allow anything with a certain name!

http://pe.usps.com/text/imm/ab_012.htm

I'm sure some sellers just don't want to bother."
"Fascinating reading! But none of it applies to the items I've been trying to buy, and given the comment about eBay above, you can understand the frustration when we want to buy a product from the US, and are told we can't. There may be something in the Amazon ""shipping allowance"" idea, or that some sellers just can't be bothered...

And yes, Aussies are quite touchy about the term ""Anzac"". Funny to see it spelled out like that, though. 
"
"It is fascinating, isn't it? Sellers also run into buyers wanting boxes marked as gifts so they don't have to pay import taxes. It really can be a pain and can cause hard feelings when attempting to follow the law.

I know I already suggested AmazonGlobal but can't recall if you said you tried there."
I think I tried that, item not available. I since found my item elsewhere, and now refuse to take Amazon seriously. Won't be bothered looking there again. 
"I am also having the same problem - ""This cannot be shipped to your selected address etc..."" yet I have had other items sent to my NZ address.
If they will not send them, then do not bombard me with useless advertising and promises. T S"
You responded to a post dated January 2012 or 1-1/2 year ago
"find the website of the seller and order it directly from there 
"
Me too. Ive been using Amazon for years and thought they were fantastic! Now getting the same message as all the others here. Ive got two different addresses I can use, one in Australia, and one in Asia. Both saying they wont deliver. Its become all too hard. I was trying to spend USD$400. Perhaps all sellers (except for books maybe?) should be forced to put a huge NO SHIPPING OUTSIDE USA on each item, to save us hours of wasted time. Very irritating.
"MJB,
I don't know if this is something Amazon will consider, but you can ask them from: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/features-and-services.html 
"
"I constantly get this, and I feel like this is a breech of the free trade policy between the United States and Canada, for Amazon to refused to ship me something because I live in Canada is absolutely unacceptable. 
"
"Ryan, NAFTA *allows* merchants to sell products to Canada. It does NOT require merchants to sell to anybody or any place. However, if you're rich, you can hire a lawyer to confirm my opinion.

ETA: You'll probably have better luck shopping from Amazon's Canadian website at:

http://www.amazon.ca/ 
"
"It's funny how http://amazon.com, the gigantic IT company worth billions, is unable to put a tag next to the items saying it can't be shipped to your stored addresses so you have to click, add to cart, click checkout, curse, repeat. (I'm pretty sure this multinational company has received such a complaint before from one of its hundreds of thousands of users.) 
"
"Amazon with this policy is heading down in a near future. 
"
"I get that information fairly frequently. There will be a message right under the price on the product page saying, ""This item cannot be shipped to your current address"" or something close to that. I live in Hawaii.

I don't know whether this is something that is being slowly phased in or whether it's a chance thing. 
"
"I don't think amazon, if the seller is amazon, actually has international shipping as an option (I'm in Australia, by the way). Feel free to correct/agree with me. I'm trying to buy a new, not used, book ""Think and Grow Rich: The Original 1937 Unedited Edition"", and amazon has it new for $15, the next cheapest new price is $900, and used copies of the book start at $74.

That is totally unfair, isn't it? It only benefits people living in the US!! A service should be fair to all customers. 
"
"Face it. Life's not always fair. A seller can choose where they ship, and you can choose from whom to purchase.

In the section where the title of the item and the price are given, you will also find ""Sold by"" and ""Ships from."" Over on the side, to the right, you will find a link to other sellers. Choose it and under each seller's name is listed domestic shipping rates and international rates if they ship internationally. That's a good tool for you to use."
"Yes. Life isn't always fair. And, yes. I know about domestic and international shipping times AND rates, and the per shipment and per item for international shipping.

I only buy from amazon when I'm desperate and when no where else has what I need"
"If you only buy from Amazon when you're desperate, you're wasting a lot of money. Friends and family frequently ask my help in finding the best prices and invariably, Amazon beats everyone else.

By the way, if you know everything about international shipping, why are you complaining? Have you looked at AmazonGlobal for the book?"
"I live in the uk and am trying to order the complete columbo blu ray set off amazon USA which lists it as available in japan and the marketplace sellers all state they will ship to other countries but when I try to order I get the same message as others are getting.The real frustrating thing is the reviews for the blu ray set on the amazon page are all from people here in the uk saying how good the delivery service was! So this must be a new thing amazon are doing regarding shipping internationally as others have obviously managed to order products in the past
Very frustrating ! 
"
" 
Wayne, please send a link to the set. The only one I can find says it ships FROM Japan, not that it ships TO. The description also says it has Japanese subtitles.

There is also a DVD set. "
"I think iv managed to solve my own problem . I went directly to the amazon.jp website and ordered from there using international shipping . It translates most of the site for you and even gives you the conversion rate from yen to pounds . Iv never ordered anything like this before so I'm taking a huge gamble . It looks like the set is reduced by 60% on there so iv got it for a bit of a bargain! Just hope it arrives safely and works ok in my ps3! Iv done my research and the set appears to be region free..If not iv wasted the best part of £180! http://www.amazon.co.jp/gp/aw/d/B0058BDP80/ref=redir_mdp_mobile?redirect=true&ref_=ox_ya_os_product 
"
"Just hope it's in English. The set on Amazon.com has subtitles. 
"
"Me too! Been on the Blu Ray forums etc and everyone has said it has English audio with the option of japanese audio and subtitles in English or Japanese . Fingers crossed! I'll post back here when I receive the set but for now at least others know how to hopefully overcome this shipment issue amazon has . The really good thing is because iv purchased my set directly from amazon I have all the safe guards and protections in place if I need to get a refund..hopefully not though! 
"
"I too think it's good you had the option of buying it from Amazon. All the others on The US site were Japanese sellers.

Keep us informed! 
"
"Ok...boxset has just arrived! It plays absolutely perfectly in my ps3! Picture quality is pin sharp..this really is the best Columbo has ever looked. As regards the customs charge..the DHL delivery driver simply got me to sign for it..and that was that! If I get a bill later for it I don't know..whatever it is...its worth it for this set! I feel I want to learn Japenese so I can enjoy the lovely booklet you get with it which appears to have lots of lovely information about each episode . Maybe somebody knows of an online translation of it . Anyways...If your lucky enough to get a hold of this beautiful boxset I hope you enjoy it as much as I'm going to! My girlfriends happy too as she's getting all my standard dvds of the series so that's got me off the hook for spending such a large amount of cash on a box set! 
"
"Peter, you should edit your post, and delete your phone number and order number. You're talking to other customers here, not Amazon CS. 
"
"Peter - Contact Customer Service by clicking the orange button to the right if this discussion.
CONTACT US ---------->>> 
"
"Need some help... I'm ordering from Singapore. Funny thing is, 2 items in my cart could be shipped to S'pore several days ago but when i tried to check out today, it says it can't be shipped. And it is 2 out of 6 items from the same seller, ie Lego. Anyone has any idea? Thanks in advance! 
"
"I would contact the seller, Sandy, to find out why. Marketplace sellers decide where they ship, not Amazon. 
"
"I have my details right and have ordered for many items but I receive that when I order phone jackets. 
"
"Try shopping at AmazonGlobal:
http://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=230659011 
"
If Amazon published how many PS4 units they have sold then people might have a better idea of how bad the blue light problem is.
A quick Google search pretty easily brought up overall sales estimates as well as what the approximate failure rate is.
Got to admire how Sony has jumped right in and found the source of the problem
Seriously dude? You expect other posters to do the legwork for you?
Apparently, on my part, there was an "oversight/misunderstanding re shipping info/instructions. In view of this, and, being a "valued customer" (hopefully), I'm requesting consideration (on your part) to DROP the shipping charges, & proceed w/completing the requested order (of 05 books), & reimburse my account the $ 13.95 (shipping charges. I await your response.
You're asking the wrong people. This is a public forum full of other customers. We can't access your account.
You goofed but Amazon should pay, does that sum it up? All costs including shipping are shown before check-out is complete. How does a "misunderstanding" occur under that circumstance
I ordered my Xbox one June 10th, the day it was available on Amazon and it is not being shipped until next week. I called Amazon support and was told that they don't have them in stock and won't be shipping them until next week. This seems like a big deal! Anyone else having this issue?
After getting that information from the 1st level I escalated the ticket to a manager. The manager corrected the agent and said Amazon is experiencing a technical problem with some accounts were the billing informaiton is delayed shipments for some customers. Anyone else having this issue and any suggestions? I have asked for my call to be escalated but they are not able to do so and claim I will get a call back.
I got a call back and they said they are having a technical glitch with customers and the Xbox One. The manager said they are having a problem with accounts that were asked to update payment information. My payment information is valid (My Amazon Credit Card), and is the card I used for the PS4 and have used for 17 pages of Amazon 2013 orders, including 2 that were ordreed and shipped today. The email said updating the payment information would not cancel or impact my place in line or impact my order, although it clearly did.
Gee, I guess you'll have to go outside and exercise something other than your thumbs.
So Amazon took pre-orders and now does not have stock to fill these orders? This is the same Amazon who "released" more Xbox One pre-orders this morning? Somebody had better be getting this failed presale corrected!
Instead of the Nov. 22 date they promised during the June preorder, they now show Nov 26? Something very wrong about Amazon!
Why is it that I buy some items marked $.00 and end up having to pay?
Can you be specific? Provide some links too might be helpful
"When I have multiple items in my cart to purchase, I no longer get the option to choose my shipping preferences. Somehow I am set at the ""I want my items faster"" preference, and I can't change it if I would like to. Is there a reason that I'm not getting these options anymore? Please help! 
"
When I get to the shipping page I still get the options. The items faster option relates to all in one box or multiple boxes. Not shipping speed. The shipping option appears at the top of the page for me.
Possibly that's the only way they can get you your items before Christmas? I am just guessing here. Customer service would be able to tell you for sure.
Thanks. It's not shipping speed that I'm worried about. I used to have two options on how I want them shipped. Either "as the become available" or "group them together". I can't remember the exact terminology used. Sometimes I may get 3 different packages for one order (none from 3rd parties), when I'd rather wait a few extra days or whatever and get one delivery. I have played around with different options in my cart and I don't seem to have these options, and haven't for a while.
Oh yes that option has dissapeared for me too recently. I think amazon made some system wide changes recently to all their shipping options. Or maybe it had to happen to help handle the holiday hooplah?
It could also be there is no choice to make. I've seen more and more multiple item purchases coming from different distribution centers. I wouldn't want to create false expectations by selecting an option I couldn't get.
I've been unable to choose a shipping option when making purchases, it is set on expedited shipping and I want standard, not everyone is making purchases for the holiday season. Any suggestions how I can access shipping options?
Sometimes the checkout takes you right to the "Review your order before it's final" page, but you can change the shipping preferences via a link there.
on my statement there is a charge for a kindle book that I didn't order. when I order a kindle book I always download it immediately to my kindle.. This is a kindle book that I would never choose to read. how do I get it taken off of my statement?. It is not downloaded into my kindle. 
First, go to "Manage Your Kindle" and see if it appears there. If it does, you can return it from there within a week of purchase. But if it is there, that means it was purchased it using your account, so I'd highly advise changing passwords if it wasn't you.
I recently ordered the Last of Us season pass as a digital code from Amazon's new Playstation digital code storefront, and it says that if I order it I am supposed to get a code for $5 off my next Amazon digital code purchase. That was 4 days ago, and the promotional credit still hasn't been emailed to me. I even got an email when I purchased it saying the code would be coming but it hasn't yet. So I was just wondering where I would go to ask a Amazon representative for the credit and would be really grateful if any of you could help me out.
Last time I ordered something similar to that, I received the code weeks later, long after I forgot about it.
Sounds like you got the confirmation e-mail and the credit is already attached to your account, since it doesn't mention a code to be redeemed at all
Oh my god it worked thank you so much.
No problem :)
"I just downloaded a new book to my iPad. I want to be able to share it with my Kindle device but cannot. Is there a way to do this? 
"
If they're registered to the same account, you should be able to visit http://www.amazon.com/myk to send the book to your Kindle. To do this, from the "Actions" button, select "Deliver to my..."
I tried that but the other options, Deliver to Kindle etc. are grayed out. and when I try to download the book on the Kindle device or my iPhone, both say that it cannot be downloaded.
Can you post a link to the book? If your other options are grayed out it means that book isn't compatible with those devices. Look near the top middle of the product page for a message that says something like "Available on ly on these devices" and click on it.
The book was available only in Kindle. but it did not say only on an iPad.
Make sure your Kindle is registered to your account.
Thank you for your response. The Kindle is registered. Wireless is on. the strange thing is that online, in Manage MyKindle, when I select the book, then Actions, the options to download to my Kindle Device or Cloud are grayed out. the item shows up on my Kindle and iPhone but will not download--the message says it is incompatible. very frustrating.
That means the book isn't compatible with your Kindle or with the Cloud. Could you tell us what book it is? Just because it's a Kindle edition does not mean it will work on all Kindles.
the book is, How to Make Money in Stocks by William O'Neill. the item is available only as a Kindle.
just look at the product page. It tells you it's a Print replica, which means that the book is formatted to look EXACTLY like the print copy. That won't work on your Paperwhite because it's got too small a screen and it doesn't render images well. The product page also has a "Available only on these devices" line with a list of devices the book is available on. Neither the Cloud nor the Paperwhite are listed.
I do not have a Paperwhite.
Okay, my bad with the Paperwhite. Still, NONE of the Kindle e-ink models are listed, including your grey, plain, lightweight device. Look at the product page for the information. It tells you right there what devices you can read the book on.
According to the "only available on" information, it will only download to the Kindle Fires.
Yup. That's it. I see the list of Kindle devices and mine must not be on it. In Manage My Kindle, my device is just Kindle. nothing else after it.
You can find out what kind of Kindle you have by visiting the page I'm linking and change the name if you want. It's good to know what kind if you have any questions later on, too.
I went to that page and found my device--it is called................KINDLE
Please post solution on how to watch streaming services on Amazon Prime using iPad2?
To watch videos from our Amazon Instant Video service on an iPad, it'll need to be running iOS 5.0 and above. Next you'll need to install the Amazon Instant Video app, which can be found in Apple's App Store.
Why can't I stream videos without wifi being on? I would really be able to watch movies on my idevices without being connected to wifi nor do I want to download them first. My other video streaming apps work fine without wifi. What gives Amazon?
This is going to sound like a very stupid question, but how would you be able watch the videos without either downloading them first or streaming them over wi-fi? Otherwise you'd really be killing your data limit if you're trying to do it over a cell network (3G, 4G, etc).
I have an HP Pavillion DV4 laptop and whenever I turn it on the screen never turns on. So I tried to hold the power button down to completely shut it off. Then I waited about 30 seconds then I turned it on again and the screen still would not turn on. What is the problem here because this is driving me CRAZY. If anyone knows the problem, it would be greatly appriciated.
"Try cycling through the monitor select function on your keyboard.  The laptop monitor select function is for non, external and both.  
 
To do a power reset, unplug your laptop, remove the battery and hold the power switch down for 30 seconds."
Yes. A friend told me to do that as well. Thanks.
"When you turn the unit on , press the caps lock key and see if it illuminates the light . If it does then your problem is somewhere in your LCD . Connect an external monitor and see if you get video to it . If you do , most likely your issue is the inverter , lcd cable or lcd itself. Tilt the lcd back and shine a light on it , if you see faint video its most likely an inverter issue .
 
Hope this helps ."
Ok. Thanks for the suggestion. But when every I turn it on, the lights for the volume and internet light all of those turn on as normal, after a while I hear the Windows vista start up music play to display the log-on screen but then the screen is black. I have to continuously restart the machine. Who would you recommend talking to about this problem? The Battery reset or whatever that was called works for a little bit but then the problem kept on occuring. Who would you recommend talking to? Best by the place I got it from or Geeks Squad or anyother person or company?
Although the skill level of the techs will vary , as far as i know GeekSquad is an hp authorized rep , and with a little digging they should be able to ferret out the issue . Best to go with someone who HP supports as a rep since if they mess something up you know they have someone behind them to get it fixed for you . While the individual skill level of a standalone shop may be higher most dont have that same backing and you could be left in the lurch if they make the problem worse .
Okay. Thanks for you help.
I've had a similar issue.  There is a recall on this product that pertains to the video chip.  Go to www.nvidiasettlement.com.  I've been told it's a manufacturing issue that has to do with the position of the chip in relation to the processor.  Something to do with an overheating situation.
I will definately check that out. But I sold this laptop to a company for cash. It was really junk. I can't wait till I get a new dell, cause I believe that dells service/support is better than what this HP has offered me. They offered me $314 to fix it and I immediately shot that down because you could might as well get a new machine. Dell offers three year warrenties which would be great for me incase something breaks like this one, did 43 days till the warrenty expired. Incase it happens this before the month mark, I won't have to worry with the three year warenty.
"thank you
 
it worked
 
i took battery out and left it plugged in and then turned it off and on again and it fixed it....thank you the screen is back on."
it seem u r laptop having a mother board problem just check it with hp service center technicians.
I am having issues with this laptop HP dv4 1222 NR....i turn on power button  i hear it trying to boot then a few seconds later it shut down...But original issue no screen display...But if i am lucky i will get a external diplay, does take many attempts to stay on.....I relpace the Lcd, cable, inverter, motherborad,. have perform the power recycle: remove memory and batrtery for static discharge and hold PB fwait 30 secs. to used another working memory to used another power cord....so what the {Content Removed: Language Filter Evasion} is wrong with this. This computer not mine is a friend  but is not paying me much but spending hours to figure this out....can it be the power button defective or may it be the lcd is defective....i also check the connection on mother board  and reseat the CPU, fan....I really need help here so i can go on with my life!!!!!!!!!
Hpuser2020:  any luck with screen problem? I have also replace inverter and still same problem. LCD is working since I can see really dim images also external monitor works fine. Any solution? anyone?
"Same problem. It's been happening for the last few days and I've usually been able to get it started somehow, but yesterday it didn't. I tried the whole battery thing and it didn't work. The HP logo in the back lights up just fine, though.
Is there anything else someone can suggest? Unfortunately sending it off to be fixed isn't an option, at least not for the next two months."
Oh, and it's probably not the motherboard; I had it replaced a few weeks ago.
i have the same problem with my laptop too-HP ;just three months i brought this laptop-HP it developed this problem.my submission is that i will neva go for any HP product.none of my family will i recommend HP for.thanks.
i have a hp laptop the screem wont come on i turn it off take the battery out then turn it on and sometime it will come on now it wont i was on it then the screen went black its running those no pic
"Hello roxans6.  

I want to repeat your issue to make sure I understand.  When you turn on the notebook it lights up and the fans spin.  However, nothing ever shows up on the screen.  Is this correct?

Have you tried performing a hard reset?  This is similar to what you mentioned about ""removing the battery"" but it needs to be done in specific steps.  Try the following.

Power down the notebook.
Remove battery and AC power.
Press and hold power button for 15-20 seconds three times.
Replace battery and AC power.
Verify whether the issue is resolved or not and post the result.

I will await the results of this reset.  I hope you have a great day!"
"hi there,
 I got HP Notebook, I just left my notebook about half an hour and come back, the screen didnt come on, I tried taking battery out and in, pressing the power button, and when I turned it on lights came on and asked me whether windows to start on normal or safe mode, and chose normal then windows wouldn't start, it is all black screen and I can hear windows loading, but black screen, then I tried to put it on safe mode, and windows started on safe mode , but soon as I turned it to normal windows, wouldn't start, so Please let me what should I do, anything I can do, or I should take it to pc repair centers."
"So, you're able to boot into Windows when using Safe Mode but not normal mode?  To me this implies that the issue is software related.  The most likely cause is the video card driver.  To begin I would suggest trying to reinstall your video card's driver in Safe Mode.  

I will be happy to locate this software for you and type out some instructions.  I will need your product number for this.  Take a look at this document to see where to locate your product number.

I will keep an eye out for your reply.  I hope you have a great day!"
"Hi there,
 
Thanks for the quick reply, here is the product number, WS845ES#ABU
 
I hope it helps, thanks again"
I seem to having some problems locating your product.  Could you verify that product number for me again?  Also, what is the model name of the notebook?  Having both pieces of information will allow me to locate it based on one or the other.
Product number is; WS845ES#ABU  and model name is ProBook 4510s
"I would like you boot into Safe Mode and attempt to reinstall your video card driver.  You're currently unable to boot into regular Windows.  So, you'll need to make sure to boot into ""Safe Mode with Networking"" in order to download the driver.
This Microsoft article covers how to boot your computer into safe mode.  Once you're booted into Safe Mode you'll need to visit this site and select your operating system.  Once you have your operating system selected you can choose ""Driver - Graphics"" to locate your video card driver.  Once you installed reboot the notebook and verify whether the issue has been resolved.

I will await the result.  I hope you enjoy your evening!"
I have tried through locating the right driver eventually after 3 attemps of trying, because first 2 attempts to install was failed, anyway I found right driver at the end I think because this time it didnt fail to install, then after rebooting while it is in safe mode unfortunately still didnt work, same thing again, windows is loading but still in black screen, I can only hear sounds of it. I dont know what else I can do, hoping your helps
"Which version of Windows are you running?  

If the graphics driver didn't fix the issue I feel that next you should look into the system files.  Windows is telling you that it needs a repair in order to start so it is possible that a necessary system file is damaged or corrupted.  The command you will use is called System File Checker and will have to be used from the command prompt.  Try the following.  

Boot your notebook back into Safe Mode.
Click Start, type ""cmd.exe,"" and press Enter.
type ""sfc /scannow"" and press Enter.  This will begin the system file check.
Allow this to run.  It may take a little time.
After the process is complete note any results and post them here.
Reboot and verify whether the issue is still present."
"I have just done exactly in safe mode using these prompts, and  I had a message saying "" Windows resource protection did not find any integrity violations.""
 
Then I booted up and nothing has changed, still I got the black screen coming out and I only hear windows starting,
 
and I got windows 7 pro operating system"
"I believe you may be experiencing a problem with your graphics card.  It could be failing or maybe the cable for your LCD screen is loose.  You should try to hard reset the notebook.  This forces the notebook to reinitialize the hardware and can solve a lot of issues.  Here are the steps.

Power down the notebook.  
Remove battery and AC power.
Press and hold the power button for 15-20 seconds three times.
Replace battery and AC power.
Boot notebook and verify whether the issue was resolved.

Do you have an external monitor?  If you are able to connect to an external monitor and see a picture it implies the graphics card isn't (completely) dead.  If you can hook it up to one let me know the result as this will be very important information.

Would you be comfortable opening up your notebook to check the monitor cable?  If so, I am more than happy to provide that information for you.

I will await your reply.  I hope you continue to have a good day"
"I just tried taking battery and AC Power off and on again with the instructions, but nothing changed and I noticed windows is loading more slower than before, but still black screen anyway,
 
I got a CRT monitor and a laptop which I am contacting you with, are these any good and how do I connect my notebook to any of these,  with usb cables or what else,
 
And just wondered, would it still works in Safe Mode, if anything is wrong with video card, and loose LCD Cable"
If you're looking at your notebook's LCD monitor there should be a VGA port on the left side between the HDMI and the vent.  This should allow you to connect it to your external CRT monitor.  I would suggest connecting the monitor before turning on the notebook.  Then power up the notebook with the lid up and monitor connected.  If you don't get a picture after a few minutes try closing the lid
"I have tried it, firstly pictures came out on both screens, on  notebook and CRT, but screen size was smaller on notebook, then rebooted, and this time notebook screen was black while CRT still got picture on, so that means video card dead then as you said, now I need to buy new one, is it easy to fix it, never opened inside before,
 
And I just ask you something, when notebook picture was  smaller,  I tried to change resolution because a message appared on the screen saying something about optimal resolution anyway, and I think I put the resolution 1600x..., but afterwards I put the system back to save the earlier resolution, but I am not sure, did it go to earlier one or stayed same, do you think is it possible to change the resolution again, if it hasn't been changed during system back"
"So the video card will output to an external monitor (and make the LCD work in the process) as well as works in Safe Mode.  To me this implies that it still has the chance of being a software issue because the card appears to work in certain situations.  It is possible that this is a hardware issue but I would like you to try one more thing for me to rule that out.  

I would like you to perform a System Recovery.  This resets your notebook back to factory conditions.  This is a known working state so it will rule out software issues with a high degree of certainty.  However, you WILL lose any data which you do not back up.  So, if you have important files please save them on an external device.  This document covers the recovery process.  

Let me know the result of this.  I really appreciate your patience"
"I have done it, you were right it was hardware issue, after doing system recovery to make it back to factory conditions.
 
Notebook screen works fine now, thank you very much again for all your help"
Thank you so much for this advice!
same problem. i have hp pavilion dv2990nr. when i turn it on, the lights turn on, i could hear it starts but the screen is very dim. it happens a lot, but sometimes my laptop starts normally with its screen also normal. what could be the problem?
"I have the same problem with my screen, I turn my computer on and everything starts but the screen.

I have tried to take out the battery and press the start up button for 15 seconds, it worked, but I have to do it every time and sometimes for 3 or 4 times until it works.
 
My laptop is a HP Pavilion g4-1287la

Please, tell me what to do.  I have read that there are some others with the same problem and with g4 laptop."
"Hello T4v05h,
 
I understand you are stating when you turn on your computer you receive no image on the screen, is that correct? I will be more than happy to help you.
 
Your computer comes with an HDMI and VGA connection, I would like you to use either one and try to plug your computer into an external monitor or TV either or is fine. When you turn the computer on seeing if you receive an image, if the first time doesn’t show anything try it at least 2 more times.
 
Please respond back at your earliest convenience.
Thanks"
"I have the same problem as T4v05h and followed your instructions by plugging my laptop into a tv via hdmi cable.

The screen shows up on my tv. So what does this mean / what do I need to do to get the screen on my laptop working?"
"That tells us the video card is functioning correctly. Looks like the issue could be the monitor itself, inverter or maybe a bad cable connection from the monitor to the motherboard.
 
Do you know if the computer is still covered by warranty, if you aren’t sure insert your serial number into this link  The serial number can be found on the bottom or you may have to remove the battery and look inside of the computer.
 
Please respond back at your earliest convenience.
Thanks "
"I have tried what you told me, and had the same result as Alex-S.  The image displays in the monitor that I connected, but the monitor of my laptop is black.

I checked if the warranty is still available in the link that you sent to Alex-S, and it is still available. 
 
What should I do now?"
I believe your best option is to get the computer setup for a repair. If you reside in the US or Canada the number for the HP help desk is 1-800-474-6836, if you reside in another country click on this link and select your country then the number should be provided
My laptop is no longer under warranty. What do you think my best option would be to get it fixed?
If you have a local technician in the area that you can take it to them and that would be your best bet.  Because the issue could be a couple different things when you have someone actually get their hands on it they will be able to find out exactly what's giving you the issue.
Well, my screen is black and there is a white line on the top left.I tried that cycle, no luck. Not to mention I got this laptop fixed a couple weeks ago,and let me say it was not cheap.Any other suggestions,please
"I see that you are having a start up problem with your HP computer. I would like to help with this issue but I need some information.
 
Can you provide the model and product number of the computer?"
I am having the same problem where a white line appears on top and then nothing happens. The model is a hp mini 210-1150NR. Btw the warranty has expired
I have this same issue. I followed your steps exactly and no luck. Any other ideas?
I am having the same issue , lap topo starts up , but screen won't load. HELP !!
Thank You!!!! Thank You!!! This worked like a charm. I use my HP laptop on a daily basis and this was the first problem I have had in three years. I tried just turning it off, removing the battery, replacing the battery, and turning back on with no success, but your directions worked just like you said. Thank You!!! Thank You!! You saved me tons of money the Geek Squad would of charged me to do the same thing!!!
I am having the same issue.  I have a HP Pavilion g4 (bought May 2011) and over the weekend the screen went dead.  I power on the laptop, I hear the whirring but the screen is black.  I tried to do the power reset, the hard reset...nothing works.  So frustrated right now!  The blue power dot lights up, the wireless dot shines orangey red, but the CAPS lock button doesn't light up when pressed.  Can you please help me out?
Voted for HTC products
love my HTC one with Android 4.3 and sense 5.5
We're stoked to hear it, Alexis. What made you fall for your One?
just voted, HTC are definitely the Best, no comparison, I love my HTC one
Thanks for your support, Nicole! What do you love the most about your One X? #TeamHTC
I have a HTC one. I love how stylish it is, and how user friendly it is x?
I own a HTC one so a HTC one max would b nice
TWO Ones, Nima? What would you do with all of that...power?
Just did, now do I get an HTC one for free? 
Thanks for your vote! Unfortunately, we can't go making our other fans jealous, Sam
"I voted the HTC one 5!
It's the greatest phone ever!"
not until you fix the purple tint on my camera and improve your after sales service
I don't like to vote because u haven't reapared the camera defect
If you guys improve your after sale service then you are no doubt the best one. If i buy an iPhone, i have the guarantee that apple will replace the phone. It won't be like when i call HTC and they say go to the shop where you bought it.
 I'd go for Samsung 
Ohh u like ShameSung??
Screw Samsung hTc is the boss
HTC ONE is the best!
I really like my one
I love my HTC one and don't have any problems with it, also love it for music it is the best.
I would promote the HTC campaign with 2 "Ones" and let the world see me using the HTC max in cafes . Power to the people ????
 Pls release update for HTC one for India ... We pay so much for the phones u guys don't think of the older phones after u release the next model
I vote for htc one,i have an htc one.
I love HTC Phone
I own a HTC ONE but i am not going to vote for it, coz i had very bad experience with it. Has camera problem and send to warranty center and they just change the ISO settings and said its fixed. I reset the phone and the problem was back. I call them again and they said sorry this is a hardware problem we cannot fix it. then why you open HTC Repair center
i am unable to launch the note pad on desire 500
Done! Thanks HTC for a great phone.
I am the proud owner of HTC One n it's the best smartphone ever created on this planet. But the service what we are getting in india is worst one could ever imagined....need to change the way you provide service to the customers... Everything else is fine...
Htc sucks! So glad I finally dropped mine, a lot less frustration in my life
I phone 5s really good
I already upgraded and its a super nice addition to the Feed :))) You finally upgraded it and now its waaay better than in the beginning :))) I am glad I can now use it for my Home screen 
We’re happy to hear that you are enjoying the addition and finding it more useful, Dimana! What else are you enjoying about the update?
Nice phone..... iphone is boring
We’re happy to have caught your attention, Nicole! Are you rocking an HTC device?
Hmmm my next phone 
We’d love to have you in the HTC One family, Sreytouch! How has the HTC One max captured your attention?
I Love htc
Aw, shucks.  We love you back, Honney. Thanks for the shout out.
Everything run smoothly .. new features on board. By the way, expecting version 4.4 for more changes & fun.
I'm waiting for software update in Butterfly S. When will it be anyway?
We don’t have any news to share on that just yet, Syazanur, but continue to follow us here and we’ll definitely let you know once we do.
wow.... can't wait to lay my hands on this... I have sense one s
Awesome. We're looking forward to welcoming you
Hi there, Anthony. At this time, we won’t have plans for future OS updates after Android 4.2.2 & Sense 5 for the One X. If that changes, we'll let you know.
Hi, Aziz. We will be updating the HTC One across North America by the end of January. We appreciate your patience.
"When is the releaseing date of
Android 4.4 kitkat on HTC
One??????"
Don't like the new 4.3 update... just because of One thing, the Keyboard.. you can only use qwerty keyboard now.. so why not make a tiny update and add the "Phone Keyboard" back in so people can decide if they want QWERTY or Phone Keyboard...?
HTC one don't have blinkfeed
Seriously Htc u have the worst ui ever the most ugly in.other words horrible looking 
"Larry says:
When I visit Amazon instant videos to download my favorite recent TV shows they are listed as unavailable and remain so for days. This has not happened before. What is going on?"
"Meya says:
(KINDLE FORUM PRO)
Since you didn't include any of the shows you are talking about, no one here is going to be able to offer any thoughts. You do know you're talking to other customers here, not Amazon CS, don't you?"
"Larry says:
Ok...TV shows listed as ""unavailable"": Haven, Grimm, South park, Once upon a time, Hawaii five 0, The Mentalist, Dracula. I haven't tried any others."
"B. Adams says:
I am having the same issue - The Good Wife, Blue Bloods, Grimm and Hawaii Five-0. I chatted with a rep yesterday who couldn't help. I've emailed again today. I have Season Passes for all four shows and all are showing as Not Available for the most recent episodes."
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON)    (AMAZON OFFICIAL)
Hi Larry and B.,

That's strange that some of our videos aren't showing. Thanks for letting me know which titles you're not seeing. I've reported this to our Technical Team to investigate. As soon as I have an answer, I'll post back.

Thank you for your patience while they look into this."
"Robert Dale Smith says:
Add Arrow and Once Upon a Time in Wonderland. Also unavailable."
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON)    (AMAZON OFFICIAL)
Thanks, Robert. I've added both."
"C. Hawk says:
Add Alaska the Last Frontier, Yukon Men and The Walking Dead to that list as well."
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON)    (AMAZON OFFICIAL)
Added, C. Thank you."
"W. Bake says:
Grimm and Walking Dead seems to be fixed now!! Thanks Guys :)"
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON)    (AMAZON OFFICIAL)
Awesome, W. Thanks for letting us know!"
"Larry says:
The Mentalist and Grimm are good to go but Haven and South park are still 'not available'. Hopefully this situation is just a one time glitch and not ongoing."
"B. Adams says:
Grimm and Revenge have hit. No dice on The Good Wife, Blue Bloods and Hawaii Five-0"
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON)    (AMAZON OFFICIAL)
Thanks, B. I'll forward this on."
"NiteOOwl says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
A customer in another thread is looking for Haven."
"William Brennan says:
It's becoming a regular thing. Episodes are downloading two or three days late, or they say they are available, but when you click on them, you get ""Looking for something? We're sorry. The Web address you entered is not a functioning page on our site "" I still can't get Grimm as of 4pm Eastern time. I did send another email to them."
"Chodanutz says:
The newest episode of Walking Dead (""Live Bait"") still does not seem to be working for me. I bought the TV pass at the beginning of the season and this is the first episode that hasnt downloaded for me. It is also saying that it is available for $1.99, but i don't want to pay that. The discounted price is the reason i got the TV pass in the first place."
"Deb says:
I live in the Dallas / Fort Worth area. Grimm is still listing as ""not available for rental or purchase."" Please fix! I really want to watch the new episode! Thanks!"
"Deb says:
Also, the movie ""Jesse Stone: Benefit of the Doubt"" lists as not available for rental or purchase. Why put it out there if I can't buy it?"
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON)    (AMAZON OFFICIAL)
Thanks for all the input. I provided a link to this post for our Technical team. I'll post back here once I hear from them."
"Rebecca D. Dillon says:
My new episode of the walking dead was not purchased either with the season pass. If I go ahead and purchase it at reg. price to watch it will I be refund the extra, charged twice when it works itself out, or will it even play as I'm reading that many shows are unavailable to watch at all."
"C. Hawk says:
Yeah I am having the same problem with the walking dead... its there but its asking for money. Still no Yukon Men or Alaska the last frontier/"
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON)    (AMAZON OFFICIAL)
You shouldn't be charged twice for that episode, Rebecca. Post back if you have any issues with this."
"ChaCha says:
I am trying to understand WHY Amazon would sell a book recommending and advocating child abuse and torture. My biggest expense every month is to Amazon. I buy books and movies DAILY. Am I supporting a company that endorses and encourages the torture of CHILDREN?"
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)    (KINDLE FORUM PRO)
Sorry, this topic was already covered."
"Meya says:
(KINDLE FORUM PRO)
If the book is legal, it will be sold by many retailers. You don't have to buy it.

You will be on ignore by most other users here. Myself included."
"ChaCha says:
Oh gosh that stings! (eye roll)
If the book is hugely objectionable to any thinking person it needs to be removed from Amazon shelves. 
Oh, and bite me."
"asortafairytale says:
If every book that someone complained about was removed, there would be no books on Amazon.

The Bible condones child abuse and violence in many of its stories. Should we remove it from Amazon as well?"
"ChaCha says:
Absolutely! But since we're not - where are the books training children up for NAMBLA?"
"Jonathan says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
I'm guessing another viral campaign went out. This book gets put back in the spotlight every few months."
"ChaCha says:
Another child died. Killed by parents following the guidelines of this book. Hope it didn't bother you too much."
"I'm not who I used to be says:
Please document this claim.

Even if you're right, it's beside the point, several points in fact. These parents are following what they think are religious precepts, and would do so without any book, just word-of-mouth from their co-religionists. I agree it's horrible, and the parents should be held legally responsible, and maybe their pastors. Butnot Amazon. 
"
"?  Rizzo  ? says:
I have not looked at this book, but saw a couple of author blubs on other sites. 

And apparently it is about ""training"" a child before discipline arises. It is supposedly about obedience.... and not discipline. Discipline generally involves spankings, whippings, torture....

The book is one of these Christian published books where the bible is the source and origination of their values. 

I could read this book 10 times.... and never ever spank my children. I was not spanked nor beat as a child, neither would I do that to my children. 

So.... removing it from Amazon is never a solution. That is like taking a band-aid off the wound. 
"
"Meya says:
 
Any parent who will spank/discipline a child to point of killing them would do so regardless of what stoopid book they may read. The book may have given them some strange permission to do it, but the potential for that behavior was already in their makeup.

Any parent who would blindly follow the advice given in a book, without running that advice through their brain first is too stoopid to have children.

Anyone who harms their child in this manner is responsible for their actions all on their own. You can't blame it on a book. 
"
"King Al says:
Another person died by being hit by a car. Are you in favor of banning cars? 
"
"ChaCha says:
Do you really see a correlation? I am in favor of banning drunk drivers. I am in favor of banning blind drivers. I am in favor of banning people from driving who have a poor driving history. I don't want books banned - I want THIS book banned. It encourages people to abuse children - too many times to the point of KILLING them. 
If it was not faith based (and if that faith were not Christianity) it would have been banned. 
"
"I'm not who I used to be says:
New rule: you are not allowed to call for a book to be banned unless you have actually READ the book. 
"
"Rizzo  says:
There are books here that advocate the use of double dildo ding dongs...... Should they be banned too? 
"
"ChaCha says:
Why? Are they hurting vulnerable people?"
"Rizzo says:
Those things might be killers! "
"ChaCha says:
Really? So, if Amazon sold a book written by and endorsed by NAMBLA you would purchase it and read it before you called for it to be removed from Amazon shelves? 
"
"asortafairytale says:
Dude, people kill their kids because of what they read in THE BIBLE. They claim they are following The Bible's word and their kids end up dead. Are you going to advocate banning that book as well? 
"
"I'm not who I used to be says:
No, i would insist that YOU read it before calling for it to removed. 
"
"Rizzo says:
I only see a problem with the book .... if I decided to follow their obedient procedures. There are a million books out there that advocate even up to the insane. 

YOU, as an adult, need to realize that we have choices in life. And if you are so afraid that you might harm your child, then do not even look at the book. 

I have self-control. As I said, I do not care how much I read this book. I have SELF-Control. What part of that are you not understanding? 
"
"ChaCha says:
That is wonderful! I am really proud of you. 
So, you'd be happy to see a book on Amazon's shelves written and endorsed by NAMBLA concerning child recruitment for their interests? 
"
"Rizzo says:
If the book is not sold by Amazon, it will be sold by another seller. To some Sellers, books are books. Amazon does not go through all these books. 

I do not know who NAMBLA, but there are certainly worse organizations that them. 
"
"ChaCha says:
North American Man Boy Love Association. They believe there is nothing wrong with grown men having sex with boys. They have secret meeting and web sites and what not in which they discuss the best ways to convince boys that they're right. How to hide it from authorities, etc. 
You think Amazon has no standards? You think they sell any book that has a price tag on it without review or qualification? Really?!? 
"
"Rizzo says:
What I say is that if AMAZON deems any book should be too offensive for their website customers, then they make a decision. If not, then the book continues to be listed. 

When other sellers pick up books to sell, and it appears on Amazon website, it will be sold.....and Sellers certainly do not read, nor browse the books they sell. That is what I am saying about Sellers posting the book. 

That is not the first book that has been posted here. But, if you feel strongly, start a campaign offsite. That is what has been done before. 

This forum will get you no responses from Amazon officials. 

So.... I am finished. Kaput... Adios MuChaCha!"
"ChaCha says:
That is not, in fact, what you were saying. Sellers do not read or browse the books they sell? Are you serious? 
"
"Rizzo says:
Ok... last time since you have a legitimate question. 

Sellers get their books from many sources. They list and upload hundreds at a time. Or...other 3rd party sellers scan book for writings, ink, dirt, mold, smoke smell, tears, highlights, etc. Yeah.... they don't read or browse the book. 

Otra vez... Adios MuChaCha.... no pun intended. 
"
"Laura says:
I ordered 3 PS3 games for my son which were cheaper than Best Buy but I know that you can buy used games which I did not want to do. After placing the order, I began wondering if I ordered new games since they were discounted. I was not able to find anywhere that told me if they were new or used on the site or on my receipt. Does anyone know?

Thanks! 
"
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
     
Unless they said specifically that they were used they should be new. 
"
Can I Get the Same Black Friday Deals on Walmart.com as I Can in Stores?
Walmart.com will offer many fantastic Black Friday specials, however, we may not offer the same items or the same prices for Black Friday specials that you'll find in Walmart stores.
When do Walmart.com's Black Friday/Thanksgiving specials start?
Online sales start at the same time for the entire country. Different items will go on sale throughout Thanksgiving weekend and Cyber Monday.
Hours for Black Friday In-Store Specials?
This year, Walmart will be kicking off its in-store specials on Thursday November 28th (Thanksgiving Day) at 6 p.m., followed by different specials going on sale at 8 p.m.
How to Return an Item I Purchased on Walmart.com?
Items sold and shipped by Walmart.com can be returned, exchanged or replaced (if the item is in stock) at any Walmart store, or returned by mail within 90 days of when you receive them.
Is My Item from a Marketplace Retailer?
If your Order Details page in My Account shows the seller of your item to be anyone other than "Walmart.com" then you have purchased that item from one of our Marketplace Retailers.
How much time do I have to return or exchange an item?
Items purchased on Walmart.com may be returned either to a store or by mail within 90 days of receiving them. (This only applies to items sold and shipped by Walmart.com. It does not apply to Marketplace items. For items sold by a Marketplace Retailer.Items purchased at a Walmart store can be refunded with a receipt or exchanged within 90 days of purchase.
Can I return a Walmart.com purchase to a Walmart store?
Yes. Walmart.com items can be returned, replaced or exchanged (pending product availability) for free at any Walmart store. (This does not apply to Marketplace items. For items sold by a Marketplace Retailer.
Do I need to return the item in its original packaging?
An item must be returned in the original manufacturer's packaging. We recommend you keep your packaging for at least the first 90 days after purchase for this reason.
Can I get my shipping cost refunded?
If there’s an error on our part related to your order, we will issue a credit for your order and any applicable shipping and gift-wrapping charges. (This  does not apply to Marketplace items.)
Can I return a Walmart Gift Card or eGiftCard?
Electronic and plastic Gift Cards are not returnable or refundable for cash, except in states where required by law.
I’ve returned my item by mail. When will I get my refund?
We’ll refund your method of payment or replace your item after we receive the original item. The process takes 2-3 weeks in most cases.
What's Walmart's No Receipt Returns Policy?
You can take your Easy Returns Receipt to the store with you when you return your item, or you can return your Walmart.com purchase by mail.If you can't print your Easy Returns Receipt, you can return your purchase to a Walmart store.  Walmart's No Receipt policy applies to items returned in a store only. When you return an item without a receipt, you have the option of receiving a cash refund (for purchases under $25), a Gift Card for the amount of the purchase (for purchases over $25) or making an even exchange for the product. We also follow any manufacturer's warranties.
What's the $1 Charge On My Credit Card Statement?
Your bank may have placed a $1 authorization hold on your account when you submitted your order. This is for them to ensure that funds are available to pay for your transaction.This $1 hold will expire when the transaction is completed. If the transaction is canceled the hold will expire in anywhere from 3-5 business days. The length of the hold is determined by the bank or other financial institution that issued your card, not by Walmart.com.
How do I track my order?
For most orders, you can use the Track This Order feature from My Account to follow your package's progress.
How do I calculate delivery time for an order?
During checkout, we will show you the date range during which you can expect delivery of each item in your shopping cart. 
Can I cancel my order?
It may be possible to cancel your order while it's being processed, but once the order moves into the shipping process, it cannot be canceled.
How do I retrieve or reset the password for My Account?
It's easy. Just enter the email associated with your account on this page, and you should be able to reset your password within minutes.
Can I contact Walmart.com by mail?
"Yes. You can send correspondence to:Walmart.com Customer Service
850 Cherry Avenue
San Bruno, CA 94066"
Why is there a price difference between Walmart stores?
"Prices may vary from store to store because each store is required to manage its own inventory. Therefore, a manager may lower a price to clear out an overstock item, to reward customers with an in-store sale, or to compete with local merchants. It is not our policy to price match our own stores or our online service since we are not in competition with ourselves.
"
Why are prices different in stores vs. online?
The merchandise and prices available on our website do not reflect the merchandise and prices available in our stores. Our stores will not match prices with our online store (or other online stores) because we do not consider them to be in competition with our retail stores. Currently, we do not have access to store inventory lists or price lists at this website. Please contact your local Walmart store manager for more information and availability.
How can I receive information about my Walmart credit card?
Walmart Chase MasterCard customer service can be reached at 1-800-543-1987, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.Walmart GE Capital Credit Card customer service (GE Monogram Bank) can be reached from 9:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time at 1-877-294-7880
Who can I call regarding my check issues?
The Walmart Check Verification Hotline can be reached at 1-800-866-0828.
Where can I use my Walmart Gift Card?
Physical (tangible) cards with a PIN (personal identification number) may be used in any United States or Puerto Rico Walmart store or Sam’s Club, including parts of the facility that are managed by Walmart. These gift cards can also be used on walmart.com and on samsclub.com (members only). Online-only gift cards (e-cards) can only be used online at walmart.com or samsclub.com (membership required). An e-card is an electronic shopping account comprised of solely an account number and a balance; it does not include a tangible gift card.
Does the picture on the card restrict what it can be used for?
No, the picture on the card is for entertainment purposes only and has no reference to possible uses of the account funds
Can I park my RV at a Walmart store?
While we do not offer electrical service or accommodations typically necessary for RV customers, Walmart values RV travelers and considers them among our best customers. Consequently, we do permit RV parking on our store parking lots as we are able. Permission to park is extended by individual store managers, based on availability of parking space and local laws. Please contact management in each store to ensure accommodations before parking your RV.
Delta Air Lines is significantly cutting jobs, making huge cutbacks in flights or both at its hubs in Memphis, Minneapolis and Cincinnati.
Wow, couldn't see this one coming... yeah right. Delta is sticking to their game plan. They smile and tell you everything is going to be alright... sure you're jobs are safe. They are the slickest outfit out there right now, and have absolutely no regard for anything other than the bottom line. The Delta apologists here will say that it's nothing more than "good business" and predictably, they are "proud" to work for such a forward thinking company that takes care of it's employees. Well... the group of employees "being taken care of" shrinks every day, and one day the apologists will likely experience what many of us already have - a airline that doesn't give a damn about you, your family, your career, your life. If you work for Delta you are a number, expendable, and prime for replacement once you make too much. All of this I could stomach if I didn't have to see the commercials that portray Delta as company that cares about their customers and employees. Keep drinkin' the koolaid Delta apologists.
Pay attention you AMR employees that think USAir is the best thing since slice bread. You'll be next if a takeover takes place.
The career ramper and ticket agent are done... DL should have known..They have DGS. A no benefit, low wage arm. A bit like AMR services was. AMR services is no more, but Eagle has taken it's place. As long as someone is willing to do your job for minimum wage and no benefits, NO ONE IN ANY INDUSTRY IS SAFE. Profits, and return to investors. Live large on the greed now, one day, and it may be a decade or more away, this will all come home to roost. AA is contracting out all it's mid and small sized stations. Hey hub boys, those specialty jobs. Cabin, employee bus driver,(wait those are gone too). Cargo, interline transfer driver, bagroom. None of it is safe. AMR made 135 million in July alone. TWU hasn't even had it's what appear to be unneeded layoffs yet. Too bad you voted for the contract proposals. Even if you had an arguement for Judge Lane, it no longer exsists. the terms were accepted.
Sounds like Delta is concentrating its equipment towards the Major Hubs just like USAirways did years ago. Pittsburgh went from a Hub (500+FL) to Focus City (125+FL)to less than 40 FL in a matter of a few years. So much for making promises to all New Delta employees that they will keep its Hubs intact.4050
The new wave. Get rid of all real employees in stations under "X" number of flights. That factor grows until all employees are in hubs only. Hubs are departmented.. cut that section by section. I would elaborate more but I'm tired of the whole thing
For the same reason our inter-cities fall apart. People who had nothing to do with building it move in and strip out all it's worth. Scum, resides at both ends of the scale.
It's about time they fired those overweight southern negros.
That's no way to talk about yo' momma...
Inter-cities fall apart What the hell does that mean?
When people who had nothing to do with building the place move in, They respect nothing. Al checchi & pot head wilson, did nothing for nwa. They took everything.The same thing has been happening to our cities. People move in who have no idea or clue to the reason the city came to be. The point is... there is rich scum, and there is poor scum. The end result is the same... the once good is gutted and the great purpose it served is forever forgotten. The pre checchi/wilson NWA was a great airline, and did many things to improve air travel. Now it's gone and I don't see delta ever taking its place. Like so many other things today... it's all about the money. No one is trying to do it better. They have turned the airlines into an air borne cab service. DeltaJet is their Limo service. Like I said... when
Could not find you anywhere after DAL stock price soared, profits soared, employee morale soars......how about those 3 yr predictions of Anderson and the DAL failure post merger w/ NWA. Where are all you doom-sayers??
You are right. Well, shut my mouth almost 18 bucks now. You are on your way to the pinnacle of your career.
Do you get any of that raise RA got? How much does his 42% raise soar the morale? This is what northwest/RA/DS/SG meant when they said, "know your place".You're in it for the chump change. They're in for the gold!
I get to lick RA's dirty poop chute once in a while when he feels the need for a good lick down and around, so yes it is a trickle down economy. Although the downsizing of the lavatories means I will have to find other areas on the aircraft to practice my oral talents. All things considered I am still the the big gay cheerleader of the month at DAL and PROUD of it and willing to do whatever it takes to keep management happy. Does anyone have a mint I think I swallowed a kling-on.
Toad, may have a completely different point of view, but yours ain't it. If we all thought as you, than RA would have been right to have treated use as he did.
I believe this to be the only truth you have ever posted on here.
There Is Spade again , Posting about something he knows absolutly Zip about. HE chould stick to what he knows like pissing on graves and intimidating wives and kids
"It has been years since I've been to this forum. I see NAFW and spuds a spuds are still on here crying in thier beer over a failed walkout 7 YEARS AGO!. I would have figured they got a life by now but I guess I must have been wrong. Oh well LOL Guess they will be angry children all thier life. Poor SAPS. Those evil rampers and cleaners. How dare they! LMAO
"
O-Henry. You, you, you. You make me so mad. And just for starters... our walkout might of failed, but their lockout worked just fine. They've got things just the way they want them. Low pay, low skill, and pretty paperwork. But with you living in Vegas, you already know what gambling and cheap flash is all about. Bright lights, big city. Keep the masses entertained.
"LOL. That's rich. First of all, how would you know I lived in Vegas? Cause of the IP? Too funny. There's a guy posting from N Korea with hatred against the USA but uses a USA proxy. Maybe I'm just visiting? BTW, not everyone who visits vegas gambles or gets prostitutes. If you knew anything about Vegas, there is ALOT more than gambling and hookers. The point being you know nothing of what you speak.LOL. That's rich. First of all, how would you know I lived in Vegas? Cause of the IP? Too funny. There's a guy posting from N Korea with hatred against the USA but uses a USA proxy. Maybe I'm just visiting? BTW, not everyone who visits vegas gambles or gets prostitutes. If you knew anything about Vegas, there is ALOT more than gambling and hookers. The point being you know nothing of what you speak.Let's make it simple. 
Without Mechanics, planes can't fly.
Without Pilots, planes can't fly
Without baggage handlers, passengers WILL NOT fly
Without Clean Airplanes, passengers WILL NOT fly
You Know, The Passengers = THE PEOPLE THAT PAID YOUR wages.(or do you think NWA had a money tree farm in Eagan)
Without SOC, who controls operations? 
Without GSE (Whom you'r AMFA SOLD DOWN THE RIVER, Like the cleaners) How do you even function? I was glad to see the cleaners got unemployment while you had to fight a court battle to get your's, which with your walkout (or planned walkout) caused the company to pre-empt your walkout so they could stay in business and keep jobs. Realistically you walked out! And it failed. Not even the POS IAM union would back your walkout. 
BTW, Delta pays better than northwest ever did with the unions. And NO DUES! Your wages at NWA were artificial. I 2002 you had the company by the nuts. Then in 2005, the tables turned. Price of doing buiness I guess. Have you looked at mechanics pay rates at Delta? If you did, you would know they pay at or above industry standard for mechanics. Disagree?, post a link where commercial airlines are paying mechanics $60 an hour? SWA doesn't even pay those kind of wages. And have you seen the chaos at SWA, an AMFA represented airline? Looks like SWA is planning to kick them to the door too.The company has the same rights as USA citizens. Why? Cause they ARE USA CITIZENS! Yet you think by pulling a job action causing customers to fly other airlines cause of rude union employees, solves anything. United the same way. Crappy. A union member didn't want to do thier job and caused me to miss a family funeral. Yeah, I love the Unions. NOT Unions protect LAZY WORKERS! while shitting on good workers merely for doing a good job. What was your term for them again? Management suckass?. If you come to work each day, do your job and stop screwing over your customers, fellow employees and bosses who paid you every two weeks.I do feel sorry for the mechanics who got caught up in your mess and the only thing they could do is cross your line to keep thier jobs yet you call them names, your beloved union members (not all of them) physically attacked people whom were just going to work.
I was hoping someone would acost me over it. The hospital emergency room would have been busy that day. And not for me. UNIONS are UN-AMERICAN! Screw socialism! It's ANTI FREEDOM!"
Yesterday, I flew from ORD to CVG to DFW. When I landed in DFW I picked up my luggage and went out to my car for the drive home to Shreveport, LA (about 3 hrs). I opened up my suitcase to get out my TomTom GPS unit and it was GONE!!! I know 100% that I packed it in my luggage when I left Chicago, as I always do when traveling. I couldn't believe that this happened. I even called my hotel in Chicago to verify it was not left behind in the room.So I called Delta to see how they would handle this, and they took my information and asked me to submit a claim. I even spoke to the claims manager at their Call Center (Tisha). I followed her instructions and faxed everything in. I called back to speak to another representative and she advised me this was really just a shot in the dark. That Delta doesn't cover stolen/missing electronics for passengers. She said this was covered under homeowner's insurance. I asked why in the heck my homeowner's policy would cover a GPS unit for my car! She said good point, but again advised that this would most likely end up being denied. The GPS cost me $119 on sale last year, but now this same model is $165 at the cheapest.I'm expecting the worst, but hoping for the best. Anyone else have similar experiences? Hopefully, Delta will take ownership for this problem. Apparently someone along their baggage handling depts found it a little easier to get home last night with their new GPS unit. Thanks, Delta! Next time...it's American Airlines.
good luck with american or united ,that happen there too ,best thing take it(if you get a new one) with you, not in checked luggage.
Next time do us all a favor and use a busline
"The same thing happened to me. I flew from ZRH to ATL (09/29/2008) and by the time I got my luggage back my portable hard drive was missing.No matter what it is that gets stolen - it sucks!
Next time I will make sure I put an STA lock on my suitcase.
Sorry about your loss!"
I will never fly Delta again!!! Lots of stuff was stolen from my bag this last trip; and the thing of it is, I always fly Southwest, but my company paid for this flight so I had no choice! What a freaking joke of an airline!! Some real dushbags must be handling the luggage because not only did they take all my makeup, jewelery and hairbrush, yes, my hairbrush was stolen, they also took tampons and pads from my toiletry bag. Why don't you get a real job so you don't have to steal from innocent passengers. A*sholes!!!!! Thank god for Renter's Insurance...I highly reccommend it. The only reason I am getting any comp is b/c of my renter's policy, Delta Airlines, to no avail, was absolutely no f*cking help!!! Never again!!! D*icks!!!!!
Sorry to break it to you but most likely it's not the airline, there's been a lot more of this since the TSA has taken over. The airport workers don't have the time to look through each bag and take stuff. The TSA folks in the bowels of the airport (who's job it is to search bags that the machines flag) on the other had do have the time and opportunity. Think about it, how would someone know to go into your bag, for jewelry, hard drive, a Tom Tom all of which have metal signatures or computer parts, out of the tens of thousands that go past. Unless you think they agre going through all of them, no likely. 
Delta or the TSA stole my $1000.00 GPS system from my luggage and if they deny my claim, I am taking them to court. I am also going to track my GPS and when the theif turns it on I will find them. Anyone else who has had electronics stolen from their luggage please let me know and I will turn this into a class action suit. This is rediculous that they have gotten away with this and with the 250 or more complaints i have seen online about the same thing, they need to be held accountable. they They have messed with the wrong Person with a great lawfirm.
Yes, indeed Delta sucks, and the suck big time. I've been compiling a list of "Delta Sucks" complaints on web ( http://dlsucks.blogspot.com ), and there is no shortage of material.
"I dont think it was an airline employee as stated above.It was more likely either you left a nice present for one of the cleaning people at the hotel or a TSA agent grabbed it.Employees do not have enough time to go to the bathroom let alone rummage through a bag for what might or might not be there.There has been an increase in missing items ever since the TSA started to randomly check baggage and the fact that they no longer allow you to lock your bags. So here are a couple of tips.1- take anything valuable ( gps/mobile phone/ipod or such/medications/jewelry or any other item you consider valuable ) and carry it on with you.2- purchase a TSA approved security lock. This is a lock that allows the TSA to open it and nobody else but the owner of the bag.
-these are purchasable at your local walmart or target.hope that helps"
"To this Tisha person...get a life, get laid, get a pill, or get lost. The person had a complaint and your ""post"" was just useless textual vomit.You are the one with the problem, idiot.
The Internet does not deserve you.
I think Delta sucks too, not for luggage, but for being willing to operate an airline without continuity of process, poorly trained ignorant phone representatives and a voice mail system from the 1980's that doesn't work.
I hope they go out of business...and you with them."
i flew to ny from chicago and realized someone stole a brand new swiss army watch and colognes from my back pack that was checked in. I went to curacao last year never got my baggage until i came back to ny. Both claims are pending. They havent done anything
I had my GPS $1000, IPOD $400 , and cell phone chrger stolen $30, while flying delta air lines. Scumbags.
"My sister traveled from Madrid to NY using Delta, arriving in NY 5/6 but her luggage was missing. She got her luggage delivered yesterday, but the contents were in disarray and her Nikon Digital SLR camera was missing.What's going on with Delta -- don't they check their employees' background to see if they have criminal records. If it's the recession, shouldn't they be more strict with the baggage handling so people don't steal other people's property to make a living? We will file a lost claim with Delta, and we will not stop until Delta reimburses us for this loss. It makes me furious when you lose trust with the way an airline handles their customers' property.It took my sister some time to save money to buy that camera.
"
Delta also stole my GPS as well as electronic games that belonged to my son. I put in a claim and got their form letter stating that the "tariff rules and the ticket contract covering your travel exclude responsibility for jewelry, cash, camera equipment, electronic equipment, or computer equipment contained in checked or unchecked baggage". I have thoroughly reviewed Delta's Domestic General Rules Tariff and nowhere does it say that they are not responsible for the loss of these items to the contrary it limits their liability to $3,300.00. Consequently, I have contacted them again and asked them to point out where the language relieves them of responsibility and I await their response. I too believe that there are enough victims of Delta to create a class action and this is probably true of most airlines as well. If you have started a class action, please contact me. I too am a lawyer. Pomeroylaw@aol.com
Many airlines around the world hire other companies to load and unload their planes and to handle luggage in the bagrooms, because they do not have enough flights at most airports to hire people and keep them busy for eight hours. If they hired their own employees at all airports, cost would go up much and so would ticket prices, which are at least 28% taxes. Some of these contract companies do not have planes of their own, and pay their employees cheap wages, which helps keeps costs and prices down. Valuable items should be in carryon luggage plus one change of cloths in case your luggage is delayed! Also book your flights with much time between connecting flights in case your flight is delayed due to weather. 30 or 45 minutes is not enough time no matter what ANYONE says. When arriving into the USA from another country, you go through customs and immigration, and then run to catch your connection flight, but TSA still has to check your luggage, so sometimes the bags miss the connecting flight. Check TSA's web site for what is allowed in luggage, as things that are not allowed will be removed by TSA and they can break locks if they need to check the insides of the baggage. Luggage is stacked on top of each other, so keep breakable items in your caryon or in the middle of the bag with much cloths or other items to surround the breakable item. Thank you.
And you think this will not happen with other airlines? I has happened to me with southwest, american, and united and it was for cheaper s__t like ball caps and cologne.
i had a big problem.. i sent a new laptop and it arrived misssing.. i cant believe it. i have my reciepts
I guess you were surprised, how could it "arrive" missing?? It arrived or it didn't!!
The system works as required. They don't want you to be able to contact them so it is perfect for the airline
AA frequent flyers must have been really under represented in the poll or AA would have won this survey by more than double. Biggest problem AA has: it's employees and their lack of understanding on how to provide customer service, let alone world class customer service.
AA has crafted that attitude. Untrustworthy top managers. Micro managing middle managers and poor communication. You are told to do something you disagree with. You ask for an explanation so you understand and are told to just do it. The reason is some clueless person sold an idea at the top and it was filtered down without explanation. Now the angry front line employee is expected to smile at group of 6 who all wants to sit together in aisle seats. Granted a directive should be followed without explaining why. But if you have a happy employee because you took the time to clarify something it's win-win. AA will not change soon. It took years to get this many people unhappy, it will tkae longer to fix it.
"To Lou: I get much friendlier and better service at my local Vons and Ralphs than any US airline. They ask if I need help with my bags to my car, wish me a good day, give me coupons I have missed in their fliers for products I bought.
At Hardware stores like Home Depot, their experts can locate things I am looking for as well as provide alternate solutions that might work better. So why should I expect less from airline employees? As a customer, I vote with my $$$ and for the time being US based carriers is still last in terms of preference sue to staff attitudes.(Domestically I actually like SWA's staff)
So I will still avoid US airlines for overseas travel at all cost until the service is on par with foreign airlines like Korean Air, Asiana, Cathay, British Airways, or Lufthansa."
Absolutely wrong. Upper Management at AA is responsive and understanding, the problem is getting to them. Front line employees, especially Flight Attendants are just terrible and most Supervisors are simply worthless. This one is not on the Executives, it falls directly on the Unions!!!
Not to debate your point, but my resume' includes 26 years spent in small, medium stations and hubs... I have dealt with all levels of management as a shop steward. Mr Crandall was the best. He never forgot a face... He was a tough prick, bur OUR prick. 6 months ago or so Tom Horton was in San Diego for a Qualcomm board meeting. He actually stopped down to see the lowly ramp people. When we asked him why he was doing certain things he made it a point to tell us 100 people would love to have our jobs. I had the self restraint to not tell him one (Doug Parker) wanted his. He did not act professional or executive in my opinion. If you would like me to tell you more things I'm available. My opinion isn't me pulling things out of thin air.. It is life experience. I agree the unions aren't blameless, but they are not the demise of AA
We are not talking about who is responsible for the demise, we are talking about which airline has the rudest employees and the results are in, AA employees are the rudest! Management has nothing to do with this result! No matter how much you hate your boss, you can still be nice to the customers you serve. Non Union employees all across the country do this every day in all kinds of occupations. But AA's frontline Union employees are just down right rude and some even express a happiness at being rude!
Do you ever bring your job home? Snap at someone out of frustration even though they aren't the source? The employee, management situation is so bad at AA that is boils over to customer service. You most likely have never interacted with the ramp. Don't say much to a pilot except in passing. That leaves Flight Attendants, and Ticket Agents/Baggage Service, and perhaps you may talk to the occasional reservations agent. I can't remeember if RES ever did unionize or not, but since you don't hear much about them I'm leaning towards no. FA group, union. Ticket Agents, NON union. Baggage Service, a contractor. Not even AA employees, but allowed to wear the uniform. Your arguement is unions are to blame. My conclusion, only AA flight attendants are rude, and have brought the whole airline down. My arguement is the AA employee/management relationship is such, that overall service leaves much to be desired. Paying union dues has nothing to do with it.
Flyer, it's clear to me that you aren't in the aviation industry. These days flying brings out the worst in PASSENGERS. As a flight attendant for one of the top rated airlines, I've got to tell you it's hard to be nice when 50 previous passengers have decided that you are to blame for all of the world's problems. If you want to be treated better on an airline, treat people better yourself. I'm not going out of my way for a jerk. If you approach me nicely and speak to me with respect, then I will bend over backwards trying to help you. Bottom line, if you want better treatment, give better treatment. Just because you buy a ticket, it doesn't give you the right to mistreat us.
Flyer:: What would U call 'World class customer service'? Is the Flight Attendant supposed to kiss your ass as you come through the door? Escort you and your screaming children to their seats and pamper you till you decide to set down and fasten your seat belts? Should she single U out for special handeling on a plane with 120+ other passengers? Should the F/A help U get your oversized bag in the overhead? She's busy with 100+ other bags. How rude. She didn't know I'm important. Just cough in her face. Spew your germs on other passengers. They won't mind. You paid your fare and are the ONLY person that should be coddled because your so important. Have you ever thought that the staff on the plane is working short-handed because the Company could care less about you and weather you think you should be treated better? Next time you fly look at the hundreds of people the crew has to deal with. Your just another passenger and nobody cares who you are or how important you think you are or how special you should be treated. Maybe your the rude one and we'v seen you a thousand time already that week.'Your so SPECIAL'. Figure it out. The Company already has YOUR money in the bank and could care less about how you feel or don't feel. If they did the COMPANY would have more employees to help you. Call the CEO, write a letter. See if the Company cares a rats rear end how terrible you were treated. If MANAGEMENT cared they would do something about it. THEY DON'T CARE unless your check bounces.
Fly Emirates, Qatar, Etihad, Cathay, or Korean and you will understand how it should be done. Nothing special, just true world class customer service. the vibe on the plane, in the terminals, in the clubs is 180 degress different from anything to do with AA. Since none of you seem to travel on other carriers, you just have no clue. I am that guy who the US based airlines and whom the top foreign airlines contact to test the latest, greatest and newest stuff the industry has to offer. The guy Industry leaders call to bounce suggestions off of. I am that guy every airline wants flying their airline and my opinion is valued. Decisions are made because of myself and a handful of other people like me. And... I also supply the industry, so I get access that others don't. From building the plane to maintaining the plane and all the way up to flying the plane. I am not a Pilot, not a Mechanic, not an Attendant and I am certainly not Management, but when I speak, the industry listens. Well atleast the successful airlines listen. You Union guys are all the same. Never your fault and the Union could actually run the place better. Anyone who actually knows anything and threatens your warp paradigm is an idiot. Better look in the mirror and realize if you were smart enough to be running things you would be. Ahh, but your not. Say a lot about you!
my uncle used my mac to transfer some pictures to his ipad. after that i connected my phone to the mac just to charge it but all my uncles pictures got synced to my phone and now i cant delete them. what should i do?
Check in the Photos tab to see what is syncing with your iPhone. You also could be seeing them in your Photo Stream if they were imported iPhoto too.
i wanted to do that but the photos tab isnt showing...
"Just now, after updating to iTunes version 10.6.3, I got a popup window stating the following:
 
""The name of your computer ""John Wxxxx's iMac"" is already in use on this network. The name has been changed to John Wxxxx's iMac (2)"".""
 
Why did this happen? Any idea how I may change it back?"
"A friend over at the Applecentral forums had a fix for me: Power cycle the modem, and router if you have a router.Then go to System Prefs/Sharing and change the name...
 
That did the trick!"
"I have used every version of iTunes and OS X since the early days and never saw this problem until the recent Mavericks and iTunes updates. I assume it is an iTunes issue.
 
Now, whenever I update iTunes or quit iTunes and restart it, my computer name is changed just like you describe. To fix it, I don't restart my cable modem or router, I just quit iTunes, fix the name, and then restart the computer. I can then start iTunes with no problem and the old name. I have to restart my AppleTV if it was connected. Then iTunes is happy again.
 
This is just a crazy bug. I need to use an admin user to fix it, but iTunes does the name all by itself."
Up to now, the Purchased link on the iTunes home page has pointed to a page where I can review my purchases. But now the page is blank. Even though I have thousands of tunes in my library. Has anyone else encountered this?
"Hello sfcommuter,
 
Thank you for the details of the isue you are experiencing with the iTunes Store.  I recommend reviewing the following articles for the issue you described:
 
Can't connect to the iTunes Store
http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1368
 
iTunes: Advanced iTunes Store troubleshooting
http://support.apple.com/kb/TS3297
 
Thank you for using Apple Support Communities."
"I am having exactly the same problem.
 
Unfortunately your links are just describing connection problems with itunes store. I an and I also assume sfcommuter do not have any problems in connecting to the store, to the account page, to the redeem page. Only if one clicks on the PURCHASED link it returns a blank page.
 "
"I'm having the same problem with OS X, but not with iOS.
 
- iTunes 11.1.3 for OS X 10.8.5 shows purchases for Apps and Books, but not for Music.
  And Complete My Albums shows only 1 album, where have been plenty of them.
- iTunes for iOS 5.1.1 however shows all purchases for the exact same account.
 
Never had this problem before updating to iTunes 11.1.2"
"Complete My Albums is back again since today.
Seems to be something on Apple's side, related to the ongoing changes in iTunes Store."
"I am having the same problem, getting a blank page when I attempt to access the purchased link in the itunes store.  I am seeing more and more of these complaints here and else where.  I spoke to an Apple tech for almost 40 minutes today before she had me speak to a senior Tech who was delightful but we spent another 45 minutes trying everything she could think of as well as going through almost all of the Apple articles related to this type of problem.
 
What we found...I can acess if I create a new account.  However, after deleting all perfs, clearing all cache files, deleting network and creating a new one, reinstalling itunes, tweaking Safari, etc.etc..  Nothing worked.  I only have a problem getting to the one page all other pages in iTunes store work fine.  Tech agreed that the problem was not a third party app etc but something about my admin account?  But what could cause it they had no idea. 
 
The Sr tech had me send my logs and promised to escalate to Sr tech group for review of logs and get back to me.  However, after everything I do believe the problem is on Apple's side and this problem is showing up now several times even on this board and unless we all have the exact same problem in our accounts (which is not very likely) this has to be an apple/store problem.  I kind of wish it wasn't so I could delete an offending app or config and be about my business.  I will update for those interested if I get an answer."
What happened to itunes sindle of the week? I can't find it anywhere. I would be sad if it got discontinued. I used to find a lot of music that way and I would be sad if it got discontinued.
Yes, I noticed the same thing.  I've been downloading the free single of the week for many years now and have discovered a lot of good music that I otherwise would never have been exposed to.  I hope it's just an oversight . . .
Okay, it's back (Delta Rae - "Run").  All is now well in the world . . .
Thank you!! I just downloaded it now 
"New episodes of podcasts produced by TWiT.tv are not showing up in the iTunes Store or Apple TV, but will show up fine to any subscribers.  This behavior appears to have started sometime on Sunday the 17th.  If you look at the TWiT.tv featured provider page, you'll see the newest episode is from Sunday's This Week in Tech, but Monday's Tech News Today, This Week in Enterprise Tech, Home Theater Geeks, Frame Rate, and This Week in YouTube have no new episodes listed.  ...but check the feed RSS and they're there and subscribing works.
 
Anyone know why?  Nothing changed on the back end of the feed production."
"Is this one of the podcasts you are talking about? -
 
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/this-week-in-tech-video-hi/id358612594?mt=2
 
This is up to date with the episode of 18 November showing both in the feed and the Store page.
 
This one - https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/tech-news-today-mp3/id375385132?mt=2 - does not show the latest episode in the feed but it was posted only yesterday; the Store checks feeds periodically and delays of 1-2 days are quite normal depending on where the podcast happens to be in the checking cycle."
"Here's an example of one that hasn't been updated since last week:
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/radio-leo-mp3/id79018355?mt=2
 
Also, I'm noticing that since November 14th, any shows TWiT has published have a date in the iTunes store that's a day later than what's in the RSS feed.  I think the reason these shows aren't showing up as quickly as they used to is because iTunes is thinking they're published a day later.
 
For example, Sunday's This Week in Tech:
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/this-week-in-tech-mp3/id73329404?mt=2
Episode 432 has a date in the iTunes store of Nov 18, 2013.
 
Look in the RSS feed:
http://feeds.twit.tv/twit.xml
Episode 432 has a date of Sun, 17 Nov 2013 19:48:24 -0800"
"
For TWiT - mp3
 
The feed used to be - http://leo.am/podcasts/twit
 
Now it looks like it is - http://leoville.tv/podcasts/twit.xml
 
Either way both feeds do NOT validate.
 
 
http://feedvalidator.org/check.cgi?url=http%3A%2F%2Fleo.am%2Fpodcasts%2Ftwit
 
http://feedvalidator.org/check.cgi?url=http%3A%2F%2Fleoville.tv%2Fpodcasts%2Ftwi t.xml
 
I would recommend going through all your feeds and getting them all to validate.
 
Errors in your feed can / will cause issues with iTunes.
 "
"https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/radio-leo-mp3/id79018355?mt=2 uses the feed at
 
http://leoville.tv/podcasts/leo.xml
 
This does not validate but the errors are irrelevant. There are two episodes for November 20, both of which show when subscribing but only one of which so far shows in the Store. Most likely the store checked the feed between the time the first episode was posted and the time the second one was. Posting two episodes in one day is inadvisable as subscribers are likely to miss the second if updating automatically.
 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/this-week-in-tech-mp3/id73329404?mt=2 is using the feed at
 
http://leoville.tv/podcasts/twit.xml
 
The latest episode, 432, shows in the feed, when subscribing, and in the Store. The date in iTunes and when looking at the feed in FireFox is 18 November for me (in the UK): the feed reads
 
<pubDate>Sun, 17 Nov 2013 19:48:24 -0800</pubDate>
 
and what is causing the difference is the time zone. The errors shown when examining this feed in FeedValidator are irrelevant (the one about the server reporting US-ASCII is very common and doesn't upset iTunes).
 
As said before, the Store checks the feeds periodically - the actual frequency varies but averages around 2 days - and this is going to cause delays to some episodes depending on where you are in the checking cycle at the time you publish. This is unavoidable."
I forced a refresh using Apple's iTunes Site Manager (which is apparently only available to featured providers) and that finally updated the feed.  Strangely enough, the tool SAID that it had looked at the feed within the last 24 hours...but I guess it just decided to ignore any updates since last week.  *shrug*  Oh well...
"Hello. iTunes hasn't updated my podcast for two weeks now, despite me uploading two new episodes. Feedburner says the feed is fine and I can see the new episodes in Feedly.
 
The original feed is http://softoblongs.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss
 
and the Feedburner link is http://feeds.feedburner.com/SoftOblongs
 
Does anyone have any idea what's gone wrong?"
"You have somehow managed to get yourself two iTunes Store pages:
 
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/soft-oblongs/id388883538?mt=2
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/soft-oblongs/id517910440?mt=2
 
both using the Feedburner feed. This isn't supposed to be possible, so well done!
 
The reason your latest two episodes are not appearing is that you have entered the URL of the media file on Archive.org with https at the beginning (encrypted connection). https will not work in the Store and so Blogger has not created the requisite 'enclosure' tags. Without those iTunes does not see any playable media and thus does not display the episode.
 
You need to start the URLs to beginning with http not https - they will work with either but only with http will they be in the episodes."
"Thanks Roger, that worked a treat. I never would have worked that out by myself.
 
I noticed my double listing in iTunes. Do you know who I need to contact to get one of them removed, and also to get the thumbnail image restored? Cheers."
"Your image cannot appear in the Store because you have no 'itunes:image' tag - I can't advise on what you have to do in Blogger to create this, you should loo in their Help.
 
To get one of the placings in the Store removed, please see this page:
 
http://www.apple.com/itunes/podcasts/specs.html#removing
 
when giving a reason, make sure to make it clear that it is a duplicate page.
"
Thanks again Roger, much appreciated.
Can someone help me
"The Three Best Alternatives for Security Questions and Rescue Mail
 
    1. Use Apple's Express Lane.
 
          Go to https://expresslane.apple.com ; click 'See all products and services' at the
          bottom of the page. In the next page click 'More Products and Services, then
          'Apple ID'. In the next page select 'Other Apple ID Topics' then 'Forgotten Apple
          ID security questions' and click 'Continue'. Please be patient waiting for the return
          phone call. It will come in time depending on how heavily the servers are being hit.
 
     2.  Call Apple Support in your country: Customer Service: Contact Apple support.
     3.  Rescue email address and how to reset Apple ID security questions.
 
A substitute for using the security questions is to use 2-step verification:
 
Two-step verification FAQ Get answers to frequently asked questions about two-step verification for Apple ID."
"I have a ton of music in my iTunes library. I have kept it on an external HD so that I can keep it off of my MacBook Air and desktop.
 
I just got an iPod Nano. I built a 15GB playlist to fill the Nano up. When I went to synch with iTunes from my MB Air, I found that I had to re-download all of the music files on the playlist. All of the songs in my iTunes library were marked with the little cloud icon.
 
I'm very confused by this. When I look into the hierarchy of files/folders on my external HD, the files are clearly still present on the HD. I just can't figure out how to synch them to my iPod without re-downloading the entire playlist.
 
I went ahead and told it to re-download last night. It looks like it is downloading those songs to the HD on my MBA. Exactly the situation I'm trying to avoid.
 
I have a funny feeling that there is something basic about this that I'm just not seeing. Can someone please offer some advice?
 
Thanks!"
"Hi,
It would seem that you were not connected to your library on your external HD.
 
Hold option key whilst launching itunes and from the pop up select the library for the external drive. It looks as though that when you opened itunes you connected to the library on yor MBA which only showed the music that you had in match i.e with download cloud.
 "
"Thanks, Jim!
 
That did the trick. I thought double clicking on the iTunes library file from the external HD would open that library. Apparently not.
 
I now have a happy iPod Nano, bulging at the seems with music.
 
Thanks again."
"I've been having trouble connecting my iTunes to my AppleTV for the past couple weeks at least.  I can't access any of my downloaded movies or music.  I'm not sure if it's something in a recent update or something?
 
I have iTunes version 11.1.3 (8) and AppleTV version 6.0.2 (6646.81.1) and I'm on running my iTunes on my MacBook OS X 10.8.5. 
 
Here's what I've tried:
 
I have restarted iTunes, my MacBook and the AppleTV
I have reset my Apple TV and set it back up again on my network - all connected to the same network
I have turned off homesharing a few times on both my devices and turned it back on to see if will 'catch' - so to speak
 
No luck.
 
Any suggestions?"
"The following article(s) may
 
Troubleshooting Home Sharing
Troubleshooting Wi-Fi networks and connections
Recommended Wi-Fi settings"
Thanks for the links Winston.  I had reviewed those and was going to try to disconnect everything next, and then we lost electricity and that did the trick!  So I guess unplugging everything would have worked.
When will season 6 of True Blood be avaliable on ITunes?
This is something that is determined between Apple and the distributor, nobody here will know the answer to that.
Thank you
"Seems to be available now in the Australian iTunes store:
https://itunes.apple.com/au/tv-season/true-blood-season-6/id649867732"
I cannot see my wife's library...on the same computer, different account. I have followed all directions with no luck.
We are using 1 Mac with 2 Users, how can we both use the same iTunes Library?
Try http://support.apple.com/kb/ht2688
"Thanks Allen, However I have found another article that best applies to my situation.
 
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1203"
I recently moved my itunes from my harddrive to an external harddrive. Now, my itunes is saying that it cannot locate some songs, books, pdf's, etc. Is there a way to fix this for all of my "missing" items at once? Thanks.
"dmbnewfie wrote:
 
Hi,
 
I recently moved my itunes from my harddrive to an external harddrive.
You did move your iTunes by...
 
moving the entire /Music/iTunes/ folder to the external
holding Option and launch iTunes.
selecting Choose library...
selecting the iTunes folder you moved to the external
 
correct?"
Yes, I did those things by following a step by step guide. Thousands of my songs are working, but there are a few hundred songs that cannot be located.
What is going on with this latest update?  I can text out but replies go to my iPad and not iPhone, and, yes iMessage is on…
"turn imesage off and then on then try again
 
if that doesnt work
Press and hold the Sleep/Wake button and the Home button together for at least ten seconds, until the Apple logo appears. DONT CONNECT YOUR DEVICE TO A COMPUTER WHILE DOING THIS."
Thanks for info but still didn't help,really getting frustrated with Apple…
What setting do you have for Send and Receive from? If it is your Apple ID and not your phone number, that would explain why you are getting them on the iPad and not the phone.
Kindle Fire HDX 8.9" is now shipping and just in time for the Holidays!
 This is a near perfect device!
I don't think you are going to be disappointed when yours finally arrives!!!
 I hope they're on schedule for the mid-November software update.
Okay, the only thing I can say is "I LOVE IT!!!" Thank you Amazon, I am in Kindle heaven!
I got mine last night, spent a few hours setting it up including putting on the screen protector.
Received mine last night. Within 5 min had it up and running. Spectacular color!
Dane, you asked in another thread about letting you know about the Netgear PTV300 for miracast. Just tried it and no problem. Connected with the device easily and I surfed a bit, watched part of a movie I had downloaded and anything I could see on my HDX I could see on my TV. However, the HDX screen is a wee bit sharper and more stunning the my TV. Hope this helps.
I ordered the Kindle HDX 8.9 but it says delivery is not until November 20th. Is this because I didn't order until October?? Does anybody have a similar problem?
It does help a lot. Thank you for letting me know.
It probably is. It depends on several factors such as the storage you ordered and whether or not you ordered with or without special offers. 
I was ready to order the 8.9 inch HDX but found out that the Fling feature is not compatible with my Sony 46-KDL-EX621
The fling feature really isn't a very good HDMI replacement anyway. It's really just a way to get a an amazon stream started from you tablet and keep your tablet in sync so you can use xray.
I've ordered the hdx and my delivery is scheduled for Dec. 3, after the Thanksgiving holidays. It doesn't make sense!
When I hooked my Kindle HDX it worked perfectly! Color, sound, everything was better. Could it be the difference in tablets?
Thank you for taking the risk. Between your report and T. Henderson I think I'll have to add that to my Christmas list.
Yes, it does. Amazon has sold more HDXs than they have available, so they are now backordered
I ordered HDX 8.9 on Oct. 30. Like you it is scheduled for delivery on Nov. 20th.
I ordered the 8.9 HDX 64 no special offers on 10/26 and also have 11/20 as estimated shipping date. I live in Louisiana in case location makes a difference
what case do you recommend for this 8.9" fire hdx?
Does the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9", HDX Display, Wi-Fi, have a word processor program?
That's strange since right now that particular configuration is showing as in stock on 11/15. I'm thinking they are just being careful about not changing the data until they are sure they'll have enough.
It comes with a suite that opens office programs like Word. But I don't think it allows you to edit. However there is a free office app that is pretty good in the app store.
Maybe at bestbuy. I know they have the 7" and they sell the 8.9". Just make sure it's the HDX not the HD
I recommend the Otter Box. It is expensive at almost $80.00 however I have one for the Fire HD and have dropped it a few times and zero issues. This is worth every penny. 
thanks for your help
Just FYI.....Kingsoft Office absolutely rocks.
BestBuy is carrying the HDX 8.9 in the 16GB. They aren't showing the 32GB or the 64GB as available.
thanks for the suggestion.
Take a look at both the Poetic SlimBook case, and the Poetic Slimline case. Both very reasonably priced. I have had Poetic cases for both tablets and e-readers, and found they were the best.
Incidentally, there's a rumor that next year's model will also have new features you'll like, so perhaps you can also get a "deal worked out" to punish them for not including that feature on the HDX that you get this year.
November 7th was listed as the release date. For almost all highly anticipated electronics only people who pre-order n the first week or so get their devices on release day.
I wish Amazon would do something in honor of our country's veterans and give away some of their refurbished and otherwise less marketable units- not to say new ones- to totally disabled veterans who have nothing else they can do with their time. Just saying..\Bob
For future reference, every year since the First Kindle Fire came out Amazon has announced a new one in the fall. Mark your calendar for next year.
Let me guess you're a veteran :) ( If so THANK YOU!!!). I think that is a great idea and I'm not a veteran.
Thanks for the fyi on kingsoft, it's great!
I believe Amazon should allow me to trade back the HD in exchange for the HDX, with the cost difference of course paid. 
Look, you bought a device because it does X,Y,Z. Unless you can show that it no longer does the things for which you paid money to have it do, you have no justification for complaining. IT STILL DOES WHAT IT ALWAYS DID!
Your request has merit...if you can do that with any other product.
The "connectivity to Verizon" means only it has that capability and authorization.No service included.Is that correct? What exactly does this provide me? Thanks.
That is correct. You would have to have a data plan for this device with Verizon.
Thanks, cyndie for a complete and courteous reply.
You're welcome. In additon, if you have a smartphone already, it may have capabilities to use it as a "hot spot" so it uses it's 4G to provide wireless access for other devices.
Do you think I could get away with pleading temporary insanity? 
Oh man, that would drive me crazy! (And it's nice to see that your spell-check changes HDX to HEX, like mine does).
Laurie, Why don't you just keep your Kindle HD and enjoy it?
I ordered my Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 today and should receive it by 11/13. I find that odd that Amazon would not ship it within 2 days. I would call them.
I agree.
I enjoyed reading your back in forth with that Kristopher D. Michaels guy in the review. That is one weird dude. Who goes to so much trouble to re-write a review and then lies about it? Very very strange.
Agreed and thanks. I dislike liars intensely, even more so than partisan trolls, and that guy is both...hence my own even more excessive lengths than usual, going at him.
Is there no other way to clear the cached videos from the "Other" section. The videos dont appear in iTunes, and dont appears as files anywhere in the settings or video app itselve.
Did you check to see if they were being stored in Videos?
"I checked indeed if they arent downloaded into the videos's and this wasnt the case.
Watching streaming video from iCloud gets them cached on to the device taking up lost of space als video are large files, but the cached files dont appear als files so i Cannon delete them. The only way to clear up 8gb is to reset the device"
Since they're not in video, and nobody else has recommended anything, I'd stop by the Apple  store and see what they say. Reading these post I've seen many horror stories about resets and lost info. I'm just bring cautious.
"Bear with me on this. I did figure it out but forget the exact sequence. Try this first.
Go to Settings>General>Usage>Storage>Videos. Find the movies that you want to delete and swipe from right to left across the movie in the list. That should bring up the red delete button. Tap the delete button.
Now close the videos app. Double tap the home button and then drag up on the videos app preview window to close it. Double tap the home button again to go back to the home screen.
Launch the videos app and see if the movie is gone. Then checked the storage again as well."
Hello Bob! Thanks to iCloud à reset is never a problem. I know you always loose the images made with the camera but i keep those synced. so no i reset quite often in case of trouble. Trouble like this with the "other" files growing out of hand.
The problem now is when watching à bought iCloud movie its in streaming mode, in other ways you dont download it als a file. It is however cached somewhere. This cache cant be cleared or reset to my knowledge. It saved in the "other" files sectio's and you cant delete it only à reset Will clear it
My iPad no longer has other in usage. The ios7 update has a more complete listing of  apps in usage. Delete apps you longer use, delete apps you want to keep and reinstall them to get rid of bloated data and documents. How do you know it's the videos taking up the room if it's in other, maybe it's other.
Ik now for certain because i deleted every other app but since you cannot delete the video app the 9Gb cached videos stayed and had to completely reset the device.
If they're in videos you do't have to delete the app.  Like Demo said above you can delete the offending  videos from usage in settings. I had this same problem with podcast showing up in music.  Where it says videos (saved) swipe left then tap the red delete button.
The streamen video's arent saved but cached. You cant clear the cache of the video app. The cached file site is 9 GB the only way i know is to reset the device to clear the video cache.
Then I guess it's time to reset it.
I have the same problem to with my iPhone. The only way to clear the memory is reseting the device as new
That figure that is called "other", is data associated with apps, but not the apps or any other media itself. Safari bookmarks, Safari history, notes, contacts, email messages, text messages, etc. are all part of that data called other. "Other" can balloon in size if you have corrupt files on your iPad. That is why resetting the iPad to factory settings will get rid of all of that "other."
Is it possible to sync my contacts from my iPad to my new iMac?
What were  you syncing it with before the iMac?
I synced it with my office PC and now I am trying to transfer the contacts from the iPad to a new iMac.
I believe it's possible but I don't use two platforms for my IOS devices. I'd recommend looking over http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1296 and if you cannot find your answer in this thread start a new one in the iPad forum. When posting let them know you have been syncing with a PC and now want to sync with OS X.
I have an iMac OS X Snow Leopard Version 10.6.8 with iTunes version 10.5.2 and an iPad 2 version 5.01 Model MC769C . Since I downloaded and installed Snow Leopard 10.6, I have not been able to manually sync my iPad with my iMac desktop. In the left hand column, prior to this change, when I plugged in my iPad to my iMac with the USB connector, the iPad would appear under Devices. It no longer does so. When Devices previously appeared, I could make my selections of programs to sync with my iPad which I no longer can do. What do you suggest? Is there a fix I can download? 
How do I sync music from my iPad to ipod
On your Computer with your I tunes
"Starting yesterday, my alarm clock function - non-recurring, mind you - suddenly stopped giving audible/tactile alerts. Just a popup saying ""alarm"" and an option to either snooze or cancel. Sorry, but this doesn't work out so hot. Not at 6am, anyway...

Tried upgrading to 4.3 tonight in the hope that'd cure it. But the upgrade failed and I don't have much time left tonight to try again, with the requisite Restore if it fails again. Is there any other explanation why this functionality up and quit? Is it a known by-product of the 'recurring alarm' bug?"
I'm having the same issue, The alarm will go off the 1st time, i hit snooze and it will only display "snooze/OK" but not sound. This problem is inter mitten, but have burned me several times. I had to remove the PassLock because when it was on it happened every time. I do have the most recent software update. What is going on here?
Same here, and I can find very, very little about it. The few posts out there (some of which are up to 4 years old) mentioning it are usually abandoned, unanswered (like this one threatens to be). Same problem here that manicjason mentioned, where the alarm will sound once, and after hitting snooze, the alarm won't sound again but the "snooze" button will again be displayed onscreen. I'm hoping this is the same bug as simagery is having. Ha, this has caused me to oversleep two days in a row now! Luckily I'm unemployed so no one cares. Can anyone help?
The alternative is to get an app that works.  Check out MultiSnooze!
 and I am wondering if you ever recieved any "fix" that worked. I am also realizing that Apple isn't addressing this issue in any of the threads that I see about the problem. Is there a way to bring it to their attention? 
A third-party app is not the answer, because you can not close the app. If you close the app, the alarm shuts off. Pointless.
Just happened to me this morning too... i will be honest and say i snooze a few too many times... but I ended up waking up an 30 minutes after I was supposed to be at work... I immediately rolled over and grabbed my phone to see what the deal was... It was on the alarm screen, with the Press to snooze, slide to cancel/end alarm (can't remember exactly what it says) and Completely silent.
"This is happening to me for the last 4 or 5 days on my iPhone 4S. The alarm sets off for the first time, then I press snooze and it wont make a sound again. When I wake up I see the snooze screen but no sound... This is really a big problem for me because I'm a heavy sleeper.
So there's not a fix for this issue?"
At one point I erased all of my alarms and made sure my phone was updated and it never happened again. I just made sure that I set a new alarm every night (instead of just hitting the alarm on button). I just switched to the 4S so it is a shame to hear that they still haven't resolved the issue. I wonder why Apple doesn't get involved in these dicussions - it seems there are a lot of complaints about this.
Same as titocad, and I must say I'm very disappointed. Seems like this has been a problem for a while now, and Apple is still yet to fix it. Someone in another thread suggested an app called MultiSnooze, but I for one hate installing apps for simple things like this (things that should be there in the first place).
This has started happening to me the last couple of weeks. It's happened 3 times intermittently and really screwed me today. I was 45 mins late for work. The same as others, the alarm doesn't sound and I have the snooze option showing on the screen. I never hit the snooze, I just have two alarms set about 15mins apart. The first seems to go off with sound but the second won't have sound randomly. Also I some times get an alarm that won't shut off no matter what I do. I will be back at the springboard and the alarm is still going. I have to restart my phone at that point. 
Same here, it happens to me every day. I just want to throw out the window this thing, that "just don't work". It looks apple is not even willing to fix this issue.
Please apple, fix this issue. Can't afford to miss work because of this!!! I'm a snooze lover &amp; I'm having to wake up at first alarm because of this!
It happened to me since iPhone 4 and now iPhone 5. NEVER SOLVED
 I downloaded the Alarm Clock app from iHandy thinking that this would solve the issue, but not. The problem is not only happening with the iPhone Clock App. SNOOZE DOESN'T WORK WITH EXTERNAL APPS EITHER. It appears on screen but doesn't sound.
Well its seems that apple just dont care at all... iOS 6.1.3 and still no sound in my alarm... what a waste of money…
It's hard to believe that they don't know how to fix the alarm sound through five models and six operating systems…
To me, a lack of response over several years, phones, and OSes on such a simple but crucial error is negligence on Apple's part... and it isn't just the iPhone alarm - there are many important issues they fail to address in this way (ask any iOS developer). Their attitude seems to be "software isn't perfect, so don't depend on ours" - I totally agree with that. I'm fine with products getting shipped with buggy software, but sellig a broken product as a working product and failing to address the issues in such a blatant manner, to me, is criminal.
This is a VERY SERIOUS bug, and needs to be addressed. I'd hate to move to a different platform for this, but such blatant bugs just cause me to hate the device enough to do it.
The worst part, more serious, is that I had the problem in BOTH the Apple native Alarm AND 3rd party apps... so I can't count on the phone to wake up. Not at all.
Same here.  I just missed a deadline because my alarm didn't make a noise.  I woke up and it was "going off" with no sound.  Then just to test it I snoozed it and a few minutes later it went off again silently.  All my alarms are set to use the "alarm" sound.  It doesn't always do this, but it just takes once to really screw you over.  Inconsistency makes the alarm function useless.
I think this is unacceptable. This should be something the developer could easily fix, and yet we don't have a solution even after all the iOS versions that came out after the bug was first reported.
Have you all tried something as simple as turning your iphone completely off for a minute? That solved it for me. And it usually solves most minor software issues.
Yes, I did that, and no it did not help. Besides, it's an OS bug, the MUST fix it.
By the way, I completely agree with you about the lack of care in addressing this issue being unacceptable.
Hmmm, when I had this bug I also had a multi-day event happening that day. Maybe an extra clue for you, Apple.
This happens to me about once or twice a month and just happened to me yesterday morning. I didn't even set snooze. I set my alarm for 9 and I woke up naturally at about 10:45 a.m. and looked over and saw the snooze/etc. pop-up on my phone. Completely useless. Good thing I work from home.
This is a bug with iOS and is a rather critical issue.
"The response to swipe events or click events to the device are too slow.
Does it require to have graphic card installed on the computer to be faster?
How the total credits to be consumed per day are alloted? I got different amount of credits each day!"
"would be better to use 'Issue & Suggession' Menu in the RTL page.
check out http://developer.samsung.com/remotetestlab/"
"Thanks for the reply.
I have already done with that."
"I have downloaded latest samsung inapp from samsung website.But when i run its test application and in it i run purchase item to test purchase flow it  gives error

e2000
/6007/ITEM_ID
. 

Please tell me meaning of error e2000/6007

THANKS"
"Hi,

Did you do any changes to the code? Specifically, did you change the group_id?

Cheers, A."
" Yes i have change group ID given by samsung in my  REAL APP and kept mode of app as test mean 1.
In sample app given by Samsung I have not changed group ID AND Item ID and kept mode of app as test mean 1.
For First time it gives Error Failed to Initialze In app purchase and then after it start giivng unknow Error Occured  E2000/6007/ITEM_ID
In both the cases it gives this error

TEST ITEM_GROUP_ID and ITEM_ID "
"Hi,

The first error message tells you that you have a network problem, so the in-app purchase service cannot be initilized.
It may be be a temporary network issue (do you have other applications which use network on that device?), or maybe you have forgotten to add a permission into your app's manifest file (this can produce sometimes error code -1002 ""IAP_ERROR_COMMON"").
Do you have this line in your manifest?
<uses-permission android:name=""com.sec.android.iap.permission.BILLING""/>

Your second error is (most probably) a result of the first one.

Cheers, A."
"Hi, Dears

Do you have some place in Korea where developers can use your devices for references when they develop applications for Samsung products?
For example, LG has a Smart World Campus http://smartworldcampus.lge.com/"
"Hi,

Check out OCEAN center in Korea (http://developer.samsung.com/ocean/)
I'm pretty sure that RTL would be helpful (http://developer.samsung.com/remotetestlab/rtlDeviceList.action/)

If you like my answer, pick my answer as the best answer ;)"
As most of my questions are not answered and I started to feel boring as most of the APIs provided by Samsung not functioning correctly on their device, so... Is there a paid service provided by Samsung to answer & help a developer interested in their devices? 
AFAIK, there is no paid technical service.
  Thanks, are there other forums that supports Samsung developers via discussion board where I may get answer to my questions?
"There is stackoverflow, where you can ask any programming related question.

Cheers, A.
"
"I am working on a project that consist of passing data from an android phone to a NFC reader(pn532 chip), and then the reader sends data back to the android phone. I have succeed beaming data to the nfc reader and receiving data back with a galaxy s3. 
However when I use the galaxy S4 a wierd behavior is noticed. If I start the reader as initiator the galaxy s4 reads the data from pn532, 
but it does not beam data to the reader. When I start the reader as target, the phone beam data just the first time then I have restart the NFC controller in the phone manually in order to work again. 
Does any body know the answer to this issue?"
"Hi,

Could you post the source code here, so we can confirm the issue?

Cheers, A."
"Hi,

This code produces runtime errors, would you mind attaching your entire project, to make sure they are not caused by a wrong JSON library or any layout problems?

Cheers, A."
"Hi,

i have an app with support of SPen, 
and i want to publish both versions of for SPen devices and simple within same app like in Samsung store.
But problem is that Google Play has no SPen switcher for apk files (but Samsung store has).

Does anyone solve that problem?

Thanks in advance."
"Hi,

I don't know how Google Play works, but wouldn't it be easier just to check at the beginning whether the device supports SPen or not, and not create two separate apps?
From what I see here http://developer.android.com/google/play/publishing/multiple-apks.html you can just upload the SPen version for all Galaxy Note devices and the other version for otherwise.

Cheers, A."
"Hi, thanks for your feedback.

Multiple APKs it's almost that solution what i need. 
Problem that it could help in case of different screen size, CPU architecture and OS version. And not with SPen option or particular device model.
Only ability what i see is to publish fully separate application with restriction for SPen-only devices (unfortunately it's impossible to apply it per APK basis).
Well, for me it's not the best solution, but seems there is no other choice."
"Hi all.

I've encountered next problem.
I have same app in both marketplaces.
With same package name.
App in Samsung has greater version, but even in that case app automatically updated from Google with older version of app.

Only disabling of auto-updates in Google helps to me.
But it could not be a solution for app's users.

Does anyone encounter same problem?

Are there any suggestions or soluiton?

Thanks in advance."
"Did you only change the app version number or also the app version code in the manifest?
If you havent change the version code as well then i suggest you change the version code since that is the only value that google play rely on to check for updates."
Yes, both numbers were changed. And both were greater in Samsumg store.
"Hello Everyone

Does Inapp purchase in samsung Work for Non Samsung devices???"
"Hi Vaidhyanathan

No i cant work for non Samsung devices thus if you used the Samsung SDk but if you used HTML5 to develop your app then i might work across devices"
"Hi,

To reproduce and isolate this issue we developped a Web application which sleeps for a given duration, and then responds the text content ""OK"".
For example, the URL http://hostname/TimeoutTest?timeout=20000 sleeps for 20s and then responds ""OK"".

In the default device Web browser ""Internet"":
- Entering the URL http://hostname/TimeoutTest?timeout=40000, the browser wait for 40s and then display the text ""OK"".
- With the URL http://hostname/TimeoutTest?timeout=70000, the browser wait for 63s only and then display nothing.

We have the same issue when doing an Ajax request inside an Android WebView: the connexion stopped after 63s and the response is empty. We have some long requests to do in our Dojo/Cordova application and this issue makes our application unusable.

We do not have any problem doing the same tests on mobile Chrome browser.


This issue is present on the following device model only :

Model number: GT-S7710
Android version: 4.1.2
Baseband version: S7710XXAMC3
Version number: JZO54K.S7710XXAMC3

Kernel version:
3.0.31-963581
dpi@DLL177 #2
SMP PREEMPT Tue Mar 26 19:57:08
KST 2013

Please could you give us any help ?

Thank you

SJV"
"when you say the response is empty, do you mean there is nothing at all?
Is there any header info in the response ?"
"There is no real response on client side because the server did not answer already when the client request stopped.
In Wireshark, we can see that after 63s, the client send a TCP packet FIN/ACK before the server responds. So I think no header has been received by the client. The server send a response 7s later but the packets are not acknowledged by the client.

With an Ajax request, after 63s, the XMLHttpRequest.status = 0 when XMLHttpRequest.readyState = 4 and XMLHttpRequest.responseText is empty."
"Hi,

Could you post the project you created and a reproduction path?

Cheers, A.
"
"Hello all

I am doing research related to UX (User Experience) on Mobile Phone applications interfaces. I want to discuss and share some 
useful information (Reports) with Samsung Mobiles. Anybody can guide me that how can i make contact to Samsung.
Is any platfrom available where i can present my work.
Thanks"
"Maybe you should try their FB page  http://www.facebook.com/groups/samsungdevelopers/
or at their contact email support.dev@samsung.com"
"Need a solution for the following problem. 
Talking about TVs for a limited number of hotels. 
The customer wants to switch on the TV at once vmykalas application 
Is it possible to implement the platform of Samsung's Smart TV 
If so tell me who to contact with this issue. I have not found yet contact customer support where I could contact to resolve this issue. 
There is a question of choosing televisions, samsung hope that will help in solving this probelemy."
"Hi,

You should check out http://www.samsungdforum.com/ - it's the official Samsung TV Developer Forum (kind of like this one, but this one is Android only).

Cheers, A."
"hello every body,

I have a question : 

i'm beginner in android programming and i'm asking if there is certification from samung company ?? 


best regard 
mohammed bouazza"
"Hi,

AFAIK, there is no 'samsung developer certificate'. 
There is a certification guide, which is something You should read before publishing your app to samsung apps.
There is also plenty of developer resources on samsung developer website regarding samsung's SDKs etc."
No There is no Certification In Samsung . But they having so many Developer challenges ... Better check this out.
"From where we can get ""certification guide""

From where we can get the detail of all challenges.  Can we get to solution of those problems. 
"
"Hello Dev-Team,

I have a feature request for the shiny app ""S Planner"".
As a user of S Planner i want to create schedules on a specific day (e.g. monday) which is repeated every 4 weeks.
In the current version of S Planner you only have the option with 2 weeks.
Furthermore you have the option for monthly schedules on a particular day which is not the same.

It would be very shiny if someone of the developer team could implement this feature :-)

best regards
Sebastian"
"I dont think this is the best place for you to post this feature request as this is mostly a developer to developer forum.
You should try posting this on the samsung mobile facebook page and that will probably be passed on to the correct team."
"Have encountered a strange issue when attempting to update calendar entries synced from Office 365 email. 

This issue seemed to occur on the S3 i9300 / S4 i9505 / Note 2 N7105 from the devices I've used. Calendar entries which are created on the device can be edited without any issues but once the entries are further updated in Outlook, none of the fields are can be edited on the mobile device. 

Strangely none of this issue can be found on the Note 8.0

Below are the 3 different scenarios which I had tested.

? Create calendar entry via Outlook (unable to edit on mobile / able to edit in Outlook Web Access)

? Create calendar entry via OWA (unable to edit on mobile / able to edit in Outlook)

? Create calendar entry via mobile (able to edit entry on mobile but is unable to edit any further when calendar entry is edited with Outlook / unable to edit in OWA) 

Hope that the devs could look into this issue as staff in my organisation are pushing for a solution to this issue. Attached is a copy of the Activesync log for your reference."
"better to ask microsoft site.

http://office.microsoft.com/mobile/"
"Will the Samsung bootloader check for the indication from kernel when start ? Not the corresponding version of the don't give you start?
For example, CONFIG_SENSORS_SSP_SHTC1_VER= ""GT-I9500"" in kerne configuration file and the ro.product.model=SCH-I9500 in.build.prop"
"Hi,

Could you please clarify your question? I don't really understand what you want to know...

Cheers, A."
Samsung Galaxy S4 and Galaxy Note 3 when upgrade to Android Kitkat?
"Well, I wonder if Galaxy Note 2 has any chance for an upgrade to 4.4, but I doubt it.
Anyway, last information I got about it is that we will get an upgrade for Note 3 & S4 ""in due course"".
My guess is that we will have to wait at least for december and maybe for january 2014."
According to the latest news S4 and note 3 will get Kitkat update by Jan  2014
"Hi there, i bought a an s4 2weeks ago and i took it to a friend to upgrade it from 4.2.2 to4.3, unfortunately he installed an android software thus paralysing some of the phones apps. i have tried updating it back to the original software but it cant take it. how can i be help?
model: gt-i9500
version 4.2.2
baseband v. mau. 11amd.w12.22.sp.v7
kernel v. 3.0.1.3 1313 v73
build no. jdq39.i9500zhuamde
custom build v. 1378866812"
"This is a developer to developer forum.
You should look for an end user samsung forum or try their facebook page https://www.facebook.com/#!/SamsungMobile"
"Hello Developer ,

I have build my app using phone gap and deploy in market. but they are showing lots of unsupported device in which i can't run my app.

I have ask my question in stack overflow as below link 

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19947084/why-google-play-store-is-not-showing-the-reason-for-device-unavailability-for-ap/19976022?noredirect=1#19976022

Here i have samsung tab 2  7' & tab 3 10' for testing and i am not able to find my app from playstore if i trying to find from tablet  but that same app is working from system perfectly . Then what is the reason for that and why i am not able to run my app in both tabletes from Google Play store.

How can i solve my issue with out knowing any errors please help me."
"Hi,

Check your app on those devices on RTL. If it does work then you should mail the guys at Google. If it does not work, then you have to find the error, which causes this. If the second scenario will prove right,
 then post your code here and maybe someone will be able to help you.

Cheers, A."
"Hello,

I've delopped an application to send a sms from the Gear using a keyboard.
Now, I'm working on sending pictures from the Gear via an MMS.
(sending an MMS is not an easy topic and I didn't succeed yet to do so)

Also, I will probably manage to send emails from the Gear.

Obviously, all this are done using a bluetooth connection.

My app need some fix as I'm pretty new on Android developpement, and still have some issues with bluetooth background service and activity lifecycles...

I'd be happy to share my work with anyone interrested in this, just let me know .

I can't understand why samsung did not add these features to their product.

Regards"
If your experiencing problems with your HP printer after upgrading to Windows 8.1 please click on the below link and install the HP Print and Scan Doctor and run the utility to fix the issue.
Nothing but a waste of time!  Scan and Print Doctor indicates that the problem is an "unknown problem error code 6".
Thanks this WORKED!!!
It did not solve the problem, and gave no useful advice.
"mtmnomad,
 
    I would like to know a couple things
what problem are you having
was this an upgrade...if so from what OS
When you ran the utility what did it do
 
I am an HP employee

If I have helped you solve your issue please mark it as solved

**Say Thanks By Clicking on the Kudos Star**"
"The product is a HP Deskjet V40 all in one printer that worked perfectly on my Emachines desktop running Windows Vista.
I replaced the Emachine desktop with a Lenovo 520 desktop system unit that came with Windows 8 installed.  I used the Windows transfer application between my Emachines CPU and the Lenovo to load the Lenovo.  The V40 worked fine on the Lenovo until a couple of days ago.  The problem that I am encountering is that when trying to print, the printer stops before the docment(s) are printed and returns an error message on the computer display that simply reads V40 cannot print document (document name).  When I check the status in the printer window it simply notes the name of the document with a error notation.  Cancelling the document releases the printer.  Restart only repeats the problem.  
 
I followed all the steps contained on the HP support page for printing under Windows 8 and the problem presisted.  I then downloaded Print and Scan Doctor.  Print Doctor found the printer but when it tried to communicate with the printer it froze.  Restarting the application resulted in the printing of a document that read GET /DevMgmt/DiscoveryTree.xm1 HTTP/1.1 HOST:
 
After the restart, Print Doctor communciated with the printer and returned an error for the Status as Unknown Error Code (6).
 
The Windows diagnostic for the printer indicated that there were problems that Windows could  not fix.
 
I have uninstalled the printer, reinstalled the printer, used Device Manager to delete the printer, printer ports, usb ports, printer driver and all other devices that are printer related.  I have sucessfully run the Install Wizzard to load the driver and install the printer.  Updating the drivers via Device Manager results in a notification that the best and latest drivers are installed.  I have stopped and restarted the Spooler via the Services process.
 
Finally, I upgraded Windows to 8.1 and the problem remained.  It appears that the driver that HP provided to Windows has a bug that is returning an invalid status condition to the printer during a print operation.
 
I have view other comments on the Forum and noted that I am not the only one having trouble with Windows 8 drivers on HP printers.  But so far, no one has provided a valid fix that works for my situation."
"Hi MustangsForeve
 
I understand the printer won't  print on the Lenovo computer. Now running Win 8.1.
 
Since you did a Windows transfer application between the Emachines CPU and the Lenovo to load the Lenovo I would recommend to fully uninstall and install the printer software again from the downloaded driver.
 
Please provide the following information so I can assist you better.
What is the full name and product number of your printer?
How is the printer connected? (usb/ethernet/wireless)
Will the printer print a hardware self test?
 
Hope this helps.
Gemini02 
I work on behalf of HP"
Appreciate your response, however, I had already completed an in depth install and re-install.  I made numerious postings under several error headings and completed all suggested solutions, but no one could provide a solution.  The printer in question is a V40 that ran successfully on Vista.  The Print Doctor application failed to complete and the Windows troubleshooter failed to determne any errors.  I suspect that since the V40 is not a current product, HP did not make the effort to provide Microsoft with a working device driver package for this printer and the one they provided is defective.   I have learned through this experience that I cannot trust HP to make an effort to protect my printer investments and consequently, yesterday, I purchased a new Epson to replace the V40.   
In the end it was solved by uninstalling the HP printer; reboot, then install the new HP driver for Win 8.1 64 bit , and complete the new install process. Printer is officejet 4500.
Did your scanner work after you rebooted?  I am having trouble getting my scanner to work. I did have to uninstall my printer and then reinstall, but it did no help the scanner section.
"Hello
 
MustangsForever
I understand you are still unable to print with the v40 printer.
Please provide the product number of the printer so I can further assist you.
 
trenton158
I understand you were able to install the Officejet 4500 but the scanning isn't working.
Here is a url for troubleshooting scanning issues.
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/documentSubCategory?tmp_rule=86063&tmp_task=solveCategory&cc=us&d...
 
Please provide the following information so I can assist you better.
How is the printer connected? (usb/ethernet/wireless)
Are you getting the error message on the printer or the computer?
Gemini02 
I work on behalf of HP"
Scanner and other functions working fine. Officejet 4500 G510n-z
"Hi mtmnomad
 
Thanks for letting us know.
That's great. Have a nice day.
Gemini02 
I work on behalf of HP"
"Ran Print & Scan Doctor but it didn't find any problems. But I still cannot maintain a connection to our wireless printers.
 
After some period of time the connection is dropped and then I can no longer print until I reboot or power cycle my wireless router.
 
I know this is an 8.1 problem because everything works with my wife's laptop which is running Windows 7.
 
Please help ... this is driving me batty.
 
Thanks.
 
Jim Wingate"
"Hi jwingate
 
I understand the printer and scan doctor didn't find any issues but you keep loosing the wireless connection.
 
Here is a url explaining the issues why printers don't maintain a wireless connection. Also steps for resolving this issue and setting up a static ip for the printer under step 5 after the printer is reconfigured back on the wireless network.

https://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/document?docname=c02790693&lc=en&cc=us&dlc=en

Hope this helps.
Gemini02 
I work on behalf of HP"
My problem is solved.  I scrapped the HP Deskjet V40 and bought an Epson all in one that works fine with Windows 8.1.   
"I have an HP PSC 1610 all in one.  With Windows 8.0, I was able to print and scan without issue.  After Windows 8.1 update, I can still scan, but cannot print.  Whenever I initiate a print, Windows goes through the normal motions of putting the document in the queue, and then removes it.  At no time during this process does the printer indicate any activity.  
 
I've tried stopping and restarting the print spooler and RPC.  I've uninstalled and reinstalled (reconnected via USB).  I downloaded and ran the Print and Scan Doctor.  It finds the printer and gets hung on the device status -- says it's busy and I should turn it off and on again.  I power cycle the printer and the doctor gives me checkmarks on all entries and offers to print a test page.  Nothing.
 
I let it download and install the full drivers (47mb or so).  At the end of the install, it offers to print a test page.  That worked!   I got a sheet with the alphabet on it and some colored blocks.  But, nothing else prints.
 
Ideas welcome."
i have an officejet pro 8500 scanner / printer that is not being recognized by my laptop after a recent upgrade to windows 8.1. I have downloaded the utility fix tool from the HP website. It runs and states that there is not a fix / patch for my printer.
"Hi wxtomb and T_Stone
 
wxtomb
I understand you can scan but are not able to print since upgrading to Win 8.1.
Delete any previous drivers for the printer and disconnect the USB cable of printer from CPU.
Here is a url to fully uninstall a printer in Win8.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-M0GVVcwT-o

Download the drivers, save the download.
Go to downloaded file and right click it and select properties.
Click Compatibility tab and check the box to change compatibility to Windows 8. At the bottom check Run as Administrator. Click OK.
Double left click the downloaded file and install the drivers.
Go to Control Panel and open Device and Printers. Power on your printer and plug its USB cable into the CPU.
Your printer should now be visible on Device and Printers as default printer.
Restart Windows and your printer should be ready for use.
 
T_Stone
I understand your officejet pro 8500 isn't being recognized after the upgrade to Win 8.1.
 
Here is a url to assist you to access the device manger on Win8. Check to see if there are any hardware driver conflicts, you would see a ! mark or a red x beside a device with a conflict.
http://clientportal.softwaresecure.com/support/index.php?/Knowledgebase/Article/View/288/0/windows-8...

Look for the printer entry, might be other devices, unknown device, delete the entry by right clicking it and select uninstall, it might show up under universal serial bus controllers as usb printing support, delete
the entry by right clicking it and select uninstall.
 
Then disconnect the usb cable.

Here is a url to fully uninstall a printer in Win8.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-M0GVVcwT-o

Don't connect the usb cable till prompted.

Here is a url to download the drivers. Select your printer from the list.
http://www8.hp.com/us/en/support-search.html?tab=1#/qryterm=officejet%208500&searchtype=s-002
 
Hope that helps.
Gemini02 
I work on behalf of HP"
Thanks Gemini02, I'll give it a try!  
"Dear Gemini02,
I tried everything and simply cannot get Win 8.1 to maintain a connection to my wireless printer.
 
I performed all the steps at the link you sent. I even went so far as to update the firmware in my wireless router and install new updates to my laptop but nothing worked.
 
All I succeeded in doing was breaking my FortiGate SSL VPN client ... it could no longer connect. So I had to rollback to a previous restore point.
 
Therefore, I have given up and resorted to connecting the printer directly to my laptop with a USB cable.
 
Hopefully, M$ will come out with an update to 8.1 to resolve this issue.
 
Thanks for your help.
 
Jim"
"HI jwingate
 
Here are some causes of lost wireless connections.

The network connection is no longer active, or has a low signal strength.
The HP product goes into Sleep Mode or Standby Mode.
The HP product is moved out of range of the wireless router.
A firewall is preventing the HP product from accessing the computer and wireless network.
A nearby device that emits radio signals (such as a microwave or cordless telephone) might interfere with the wireless connection.
A VPN (Virtual Private Network) is preventing the HP product from accessing the computer and wireless network.
 
Hope this helps.
 
Gemini02 
I work on behalf of HP"
"I know it's none of those things. I know it's the release version of Windows 8.1 because I didn't lost connections to the wireless printers when I was on the pre-release version of Win 8.1. So there is something in the release version of 8.1 that is causing the problem of losing connections to the wireless printers.
 
Thanks.
 
Jim"
"none of your suggestions or HP downloads on the website works. I have been at this for days.....
 
- My officejet pro 8500 909 g no longer is recognized by the computer for scanning after window 8.1 update
- The HP Diagnostic tool does not have a driver update for the Officejet Pro 8500 A909 g
 
can some please aknowledge that there is an oversite and just produce a driver that allows the the two devices to talk again."
I'm having the same problem.  Printer will print fine but the HP Solution Center will not install so that I can scan. 
I have a new surface 2 that will not recognize my officejet 5610.
I am having the same problem, except with a LaserJet Pro MFP M127fw. For God's sake, you'd think that if the drivers are available on physical media, that someone at HP would be able to upload them to the website. I can't wait five days for a CD to arrive in the mail, especially as my laptop doesn't have a CD drive... and I don't feel like purchasing one when I literally have no need for it except to install new drivers for a printer that is only a week old
"All right Gemini02, here's what I did:
 
I unplugged and uninstalled all traces of HP software, then ran CCLEANER to further clean any remaining HP software.
 
I rebooted a couple of times for good measure.
 
I downloaded and installed AIO_CDB_NonNet_Full_Win_WW_140_408.exe
 
right-clicked above file and changed to compatibility for windows 8, and ran as administrator
 
The last step in the above install allows the print of a test page. That will work as many times as I want.
 
Trying to print from any other windows program is unsuccessful. There are no errors, the page to be printed goes into the print queue and then disappears. The printer never makes any attempt to print.
 
After trying to print, I went back to the HP All-In-One congratulations screen. The printer happily prints the test page again.
 
Attempting to print from any other windows program, (including right clicking the HP1600 icon and selecting properties and print a test page), just goes into the queue and disappears without any indication from the printer.  In other words, it was no better than before I downloaded the software form hp. 
 
So, I went in to the advanced settings for the printer properties and changed the spooler setting to print directly to the printer.  SUCCESS!!  Apparently the fancy hp solution center software bypasses the spooler when it prints it's test page.
 
I may now go in and get rid of the bloated HP software and try this with the simple USB install to see if it continues to work."
"Eriel L,
 
   go to this link on HP.com
 
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/softwareCategory?os=4132&lc=en&cc=us&dlc=en&sw_lang=&product=5318...
 
and download the WIndows 8 driver and it will work in Wndows 8.1.  I would first uninstall the printer and do a clean install....let me know how thing turn out.
I am an HP employee

If I have helped you solve your issue please mark it as solved

**Say Thanks By Clicking on the Kudos Star**"
Does that resolve the problem with Win 8.1 dropping connections to wireless printers?
"jwingate,
 
  I would run this utility and see if it helps.
 
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/softwareDownloadIndex?softwareitem=mp-123410-2&cc=us&dlc=en&lc=en...
 
If the utility does not fix this then here is a doc that might help
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/document?cc=us&dlc=en&docname=c02790693&lc=en&jumpid=reg_r1002_us...
 
If this is happening frequently you might look at step 5 in the document.  If you perform step 5 and your using Internet Explorer 11 then follow these steps.
1. before moving to number 3 in step 5 look in the upper right of the browser and you will see a gear icon, click on this and compatibilty view settings.
2. The  compatibilty view settings the settings box will open and the URL(IP address) of the printer should be in the ""add this website.
3. Select add and it will add your printers URL to the compatibility view.
4. Continue to follow the document
 
 
I am an HP employee

If I have helped you solve your issue please mark it as solved

**Say Thanks By Clicking on the Kudos Star**"
"Thanks. I will give this a try when I get time.
 
Until then I'll continue with the printer connected directly to my laptop via USB.
 
Thanks again.
 
Jim"
How do I get my computer and printer to be compatible after upgrading to 8.1.  I have talked to HP service people and they seem to not know.  When is very interesting to me.  If I don't know and they don't know.....who knows?
"hristen10,
 
 
   Which printer do you have?
I am an HP employee

If I have helped you solve your issue please mark it as solved

**Say Thanks By Clicking on the Kudos Star**"
Deskjet 1050 J410 series.
"Christian10,
 
  Here is a document on HP.com that should help solve your problem
 
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/document?cc=us&dlc=en&docname=c03958001&lc=en&jumpid=reg_r1002_us...
 
 
I am an HP employee

If I have helped you solve your issue please mark it as solved

**Say Thanks By Clicking on the Kudos Star**"
"I posted this problem to the HP Forum two weeks ago: 
 
I have an HP 3700 DN Color Laserjet and I upgraded last week to Windows 8.1. When I did, I lost all my ability to print from this printer. I have downloaded and uninstalled the latest HP drivers from this site, but they do not work. I have contacted Microsoft and they assigned me a Level II technician for two days and we still could not get it to work. I called HP and they said even if I was willing to pay for tech support on this printer, it was too old and the Support Forum would be the only place they'd help. 
 
So here I am. 
 
I have run the HP Print Doctor/Scan, and it cannot find this printer. I have installed and reinstalled the printer under the Devices and PRinters under Windows. Nothing. I have taken out the USB cord and put it into different ports. Nothing. 
 
By the way, I have a Kodak and HP 8600 printer also connected via USB and they work fine. So the problem is with this HP3700. Any ideas?
 
-----
 
Microsoft finally said that the HP drivers available on the HP website for this printer will not work under any circumstances. 
 
Does anybody else out there have any suggestions that I can use to get this printer working with my 8.1 Windows. Otherwise I'll have to keep a Win 7 laptop hooked up to this printer all the time and transfer/copy files back and forth to use the printer at all. "
"Hi pvsmith,
 
I am sorry, but to get your issue more exposure I would suggest posting it in the commercial forums since this is a commercial product. You can do this at: http://h30499.www3.hp.com/hpeb/

I hope this helps.
 
Rainbow7000 
I work on behalf of HP"
I have a HP Photosmart c6300 all in one and the HP Solution Ctr part of driver/software is not functional.  Print and Scan Doctor says all of software is not installed on printer, but I have gone to HP site via the Print and Scan doctor and reinstalled full driver several times now.  However, apparently still not installed correctly.  "HP Solution error says installation is incomplete.  I am able to print wirelessly.
"i have a deskjet F4500 all in one printer
 
Having upgraded to Win 8.1 my soution centre stopped working.  I uninstalled and reinstalled my drivers as advised, and now get 'file not found' message when I try to install.
 
i have checked and am downloading the latest posted drivers from the HP website"
"Hello pclsc and aj453,
 
I am sorry to hear about your Solution Center not functioning properly since you have both upgraded to Windows 8.1. I would like to help. I suggest completing a full Level 3 uninstall and reinstalling by using HP's Install Wizard.
 
Here are the links to help you both with completing my suggestions:
 
1. Uninstall using this Driver Removal Utility - LEVEL 3
2. Restart your computer (completes the uninstallation)
3. Reinstall Your Printers using the Install Wizard for Windows
 
 
I hope this helps you both!
 
Good luck!"
"Hi all,
 
I am here to share my idea to install hp laserjet 1020 on windows 7.
 
There no driver for windows 7 till mid November.
 
I have  installed device driver for laserjet 1020 on windwos 7, here is the method for installing driver in windows 7 for laserjet 1020.
 
1. 1st of all download laserjet 1020 basic printer driver for windows vista. you can down it from this link
 
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/softwareCategor?y?product=439320&lc=en&cc=us&dlc=en&lang=en&cc=us
 
2. after downloading driver for vista extract it even exe file with winrar and then go to device manager and then HP laserjet 1020 which is shown as unkown device and right click on it and after that update driver
 
3.  and after that go to folder where extarct vista driver exe and select it .
 
note. i did not run exe file.
 
 
Thanks for reading. hope it will work for you
 
4. and it will be installed without any problem like me.
 
take care all.
 
Mehmood"
Hello I have a question I tried this and it gave me the error saying the Drivers were not there, when I in fact have them there and downloaded.
"hi
  i think you not carefully followed the instructions, give me a day to make & upload video on youtube regarding this problem.
 
Mehmood"
"hello Again! BinBangBoom,
 
I have created a video regarding above mentioned methtod to install driver software for hp laserjet 1020 in windows 7 with vista basic driver (Compatabilty Mode) "
"Hello again & again

 
here i uploaded video again in HD for better view  HP Laserjet 1020 Driver installation in windows 7
 
 
If you have any question please conatact me through yhis post or reply this.
 
Is it helpful? please let me know"
I tried doing exactly what you did in the video, but where you get the installing driver screen I get windows telling me that it is unable to install the drivers.
Figured out the problem the drivers you linked are 32 bit I have the 64 bit system
"i you are using x64 windows you should download driver of laserjet 1020 for vista 64bit.
 
i hope your problem will be solved"
"I have the latest driver (released 11/5/09), x64 bit windows 7, 6 gig ram, an HP pavillion desktop.
 
The driver is buggy as it crashes my print spooler whenever I print anything over a few paragraphs (in notepad).
 
Vista drivers (x64) and similar suggestions do NOT solve this  problem. Once again, I can see the printer + can kick off jobs yet large jobs just crash the print spooler."
Called Ebay this morning after 30+ hrs. of no sales. Got the "everything is OK....nothing is wrong with our servers" I thought that I had done something to tick off the Ebays Gods and they were punishing me. Of course nobody at Ebay told me that everyone else was having issues. Apparently something happened around the 15th of the month as that is when I saw sales....and feedback take a nose dive. I had $8500 + in sales the first 15 days of this month and just over $2000 as of today the 29th...and $800 of that was a local pickup soda machine!!! Not my normal sale item. EBAY, you are not in the business of running your own servers. From what I understand you use to outsorce your servers to companies that actually know what they are doing. Then in 2009 you deciced you could do it yourself. Your site has never been the same!!! Either learn how to take care of your servers running them yourself or go back to outsorcing that part so busuness owners like me can get back to doing what we do best, MAKING YOU MONEY.
Sorry about the missing "ing" in the title...I was tired. If you have any simular concerns or problems please joing the topic and reply to this. Ebay will not fix anything unless we complain enough about it. So, if you to have seen a major dorp in sales, feedback and you are having trouble navigating around Ebay....blank pages, trouble listing items and getting redirected, these are all problems with Ebay's servers. Three years and they still can't run their own servers. Complain sellers until Ebay fixes things. Post your problems so they know about them!!!! bumb
Yeah, it has been tough the last couple of weeks. We usually move about 50-60 shipments a day just from ebay, but with our web site and other channels we are not home based. The last couple of weeks we have been down about 40%, and on some days we will see extensive droughts with no questions, offers, or sales, then all of the sudden things will come alive for an hour, only to revert back. We are used to more consistency. This time of year we see a seasonal lull, but it has not been this bad before. That said we have not had any trouble seeing our own listings, but I understand the way their servers work others may not be seeing them all the time.
Poor company. Listings are not showing after several hours. No wonder everyone is having problems on this lousy site. Ebay you suck
I have had some sales....spoty at best. Nothing like the first 3.5 months I just had. Now I am looking at the technical board and it is all lit up with issues about photos not showing up. THAT IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THERE ARE SERVER PROBLEMS.  Folks, you are complaining about photos or search problems or the zoom feature not working. The simple fact of all of these problems is that it is a SERVER problem. Ebay took on their own servers because it cost less to run your own servers. The problem with that is you have to KNOW how to run several warehouses full of servers to keep up with what Ebay does. OBVIOUSLY Ebay has no clue how to run their own servers. They have been attempting to since late 2009 and Ebays site has had issue after issue since. So, lets call the problem what it is, a server problem, in hopes that Ebay either hires the company running their server up until 2009 to run them again......or we can just sit back and expect the same spotty sales....OUTAGES!!!.... and all round poor experience on Ebay. A company that we all help build being run by a buch of money hungry idiot. BUMP
Since I do not have any packages to send out this morning I thougt I would spend this free time that Ebay has graciously given me here on the complaint boards. EBAY FIX THE PROBLEM!!! I will be posting, tweeting, facebooking and complaing everywhere that I can until your admit that there is a server issue and YOU FIX IT!!!! I am thinking the Discussion Boards must be part of the outage because it does not look like people are coming to the board as would be the case with such a serious wide sperad server outage. Nice trick, make the server problem effect the boards then you don't have to listen to the complaints. BUMP and a tweet for good measure.
After the above post was left I imediately got 4 sales...all in a row withing 15 minutes or less of each other....then nothing the rest of the day!!! Itls like Ebay heard me and switched me on for an hour and then OFF AGAIN. Sales do not come in like that. I appriciate the sales but do me a favore EBAY, leave the switch in th ON POSITION. Fix yoiur servers already!!!! All these issues with photos and emails and links and error messages. ALL SERVER PROBLEMS that Ebay is lieing about. Again, I am not going away until this is all fixed. I am hoping the squeaky wheel gets the oil.
This on again off again big drop in sales issue has been going on for many sellers now for almost 2 years. It happens to some and not to others. Eventually all sellers will run into this issue. And trust me, when it happens to you it is not pleasant.
Hi, Abosolutely, you are right. However, this is not just the on/off syndrome that has happened....since 2009, this is that since the 15th of April. It has never been this bad. I usually only have to call in once or twice a year to complain about a 24hr outtage. I have had no less than 3 days that this has happened since April 15th. For the month of April my sales shot down more than 55% for the last 15 days of that monty. If anyone is woundering what happened in 2009 that started causing the spotty outages, that is when Ebay decieded they could run their own servers and not outsorce it like they were. This is the end result. If my problem right now was spotty outages I would deal with it as I have since 2009. The problem right now is no sales and 24hr outages...which is what I have awakened to today. Since I have no packages to ship out EBAY, I have plenty of time to spend here on these boards and forward this to all of the news agencies until they pick up on it. I am obviously not the only person who has this complaint judging by the complains coming in. FIX THE PROBLEMS EBAY. You are not only losing sellers but BUYERS...read the post!!!! Got a go, have to tweet to @abcnews, @nbcnews @cbsnews @foxnews.....you get the idea.
WHOO HOOO....2 sales right in a row at 12:30 noon time. Interesting, that is exactly how it happened yesterday. Apparently I am only allowed to sell at noon time of each day. NEWS FLASH EBAY. Sales do not come in this way. Especially 2 days in a row. What are you taking turns with sellers? Is my turn at 12 each day? I guess I can expect more sales tomorrow this time. Don't get me wrong folks, I appriciate any sales at this point. It is just frustraiting at how Ebay is covering up their server problems by...aparently, cyceling seller through each day. I gurantee my profits are going down but Ebay has to be losing money....hemeraging cash with the lack of sale, ability for seller to list and buyers to buy. As far as I can see that is the only up side of all this. However, I am certain that Ebay will come up with some other policy change to get any losses back!!! EBAY FIX IT....I am still here and still posting and tweeting to all the news agencies.
I know for a fact they had the shipping glitch with mine and they refuse to admit it or fix it. 
This is interesting in the fact that i was seeing the same thing you guys are seeing for a long time, for about a year, one week good sales, next week half, had friends from other states do some checking, yep, they could not see all my items or find them. Personally isn't this like seriously against some kind of law to sell a feature that the world can see your items, or least least the countrys you allow, and then most cannot?  Is that legal?  Shouldn't there be some people checking on that? Some kind of computer investigators?
Hey, could this have anything to do with the big push for ebay mobile?  We already know they could not handle regular computers and there servers, now there adding all this?  I think what is now happening is what you were saying before fastjag, i think it is hitting a much larger population, there is always going to be a few plants saying there going gangbusters, that is to keep us shuttie.  Make people think its a small problem.  Well its happening to EVERYONE i know, and as i said it was off and on for me, the laws of averages just dont compute on that, and now everyone i know.  So, stay away cheerleaders, I DONT believe you.
This is really crazy.....I have been having problems seeing my own items and when I call ebay they tell me that my browser is not working correctly.
LOL....I never thought of the push for Ebay Mobil factoring in. Thanks for bringing that up. Makes sence. That would really put a much larger burdon on their already taxed servers...which they do not know how to run or operate. Well I sold a couple of things late last night.....at least it was not the 12 noon turn on/ turn off as the past 2 days have been. I usuall sell between $12,000 and $15,000 a month. At this rate I won't break $10,000. I have stoped buying to resell. I am not buying anything on Ebay until it is all fixed. I will relist some of what has been backed up. Not sure what good it will do since the site is all screwed up but it will be their IF THEY EVER GET IT FIXED. I guess the wife and I can plan something for Monday as it won't be my busiest shipping day. What is this Ebay, a forced holliday?? I will take a holliday when all my bills are paid!!! Tweeting this post to @cbsnews @nbcnews @abcnews @foxnews @dateline
My husband sells here, usually about 30 sales a month, not a whole lot but he was just starting out.  For 3 weeks not one sale
By the way, theres lots of other threads like this, there just scattered all over the different boards.  Everyone is having this problem.
lousy numbers for the last 14 days.  Ebay, please hit the 'reset' button for me!
I talked with someone at ebay about an hour ago. I was told the same thing~nothing wrong with their servers and nothing is wrong with my account~it's nearly flawless I was told. Then I was told that the traffic report I get from Omniture is wrong and that I should contact them!!! So I said look "forget I even mentioned that my traffic is down 55% everyday for the last two weeks....my bank account is also down 50% everyday for the last two weeks, are you going to tell me the bank statement is wrong also"?? I told him "I 'm going to spend this down time working on my website and if it's up and running before my sales on ebay are back on track, I'm gone"! Of course they don't care but I will at least feel better if I am doing something proactive
WHOOOO HOOOOO....anther 24hrs without a sale!!!! Nope, nothing wrong with the servers. Sales down over 60% at this time since the beginning of the years average!!!! I have the same amout of items and the same type of items listed as I always do. Don't know what I have to do to get Ebay to listen but I am doing my best by being a pain in the back side until they correct things. Tweeting to all the news agencies AGAIN!!! @abcnews @nbcnews @cbsnews @foxnews @dateline @abc @nbc @cbs @fox
My appologies to Ebay (sarcasim) THANK YOU....THANK YOU....THANK YOU, for giving me...NAY, FOR ALLOWING ME THE PLEASURE of having but yet one more sale this weekend. The first one of Sunday and only the 4th for the weekend. I better get up extra ealy to get all these packages ready to ship out in my mandatory 1 day ship time to keep my top rated ranking. Here is a thought Ebay. allow us to rank you on your service, your site and how you treat the sellers who keep you in business!!! I respect all of my buyers and I did not need you to force rule after rule donw my throat just so I could remain a Top Rated Seller!!! What good does it do me?? You will most likely take it away from me for not selling enough...which is your fault!!!. Maybe that is your plan???????????
Oh, I just noticed Ebay that there was only one tweet listed for this link. That is realy funny since I know for a fact that I have tweeted this to @cbsnews @nbcnews @abcnews @foxnews @Ebay more than 7 times!!!! Are you embarassed and taking the tweets down???? Thats OK, I have plenty of tweets to tweet. I just tweeted one. The count is up to 2...lets see how long it takes you to take these off.
I love it!!!! Last night I tweeted this to @nbcnews @abcnews @cbsnews @foxnews @ebay . They had taken down previous tweets as I have already posted. Lastnights post would have put the tweets back to 2. As I was looking at the post I went to the second page and as I did the number of tweets went from 2 to 0. I went back to the first page and refreshed to make sure and sure enogh they had removed the tweets. They apparently are not liking the tweets. SO TWEET IT. I am now tweeting from my personal account and from the tweet button at the top of the page. This may be how we get Ebay to do something. Ebay, if I had the sales I use to I would not have time to be on this board or to tweet. Until you fix your servers and site you have given my all this spare time that I don't know what to do with....so I found something to do with my time...COMPLAIN. FIX YOUR SITE/SERVERS!!!! Oh, and you can remove the tweets from your site but since I am tweeting from my personal account the news agencies will get these tweets and you can't remove them from their site!!!!
Now I come back to the page and my original tweets are there...all 7. However the last 2 tweets are gone!!!! WHAT??? Now Ebays Tweet system is all twittered up!!! Which is it Ebay? 0, 2, 7, 9?????????? Maybe I owe an appology for acusing you of taking down tweets. Maybe it's just your site not working. I tell you what, call my customer service dept and complain. They have been instructed to tell you..."Everything is OK, There are no problems at all". What is that???? Some kind of Jedi mind trick??? So, at this point I don't know what it is since everytime I come back to the page there are different numbers for the tweets. Just one more thing to fix Ebay
It is their way of quietely making amends, compensation. Sales have been 'decent' as of late, so no complaints here on this front, but after a 'Great Many' analysis sitewide, I feel 'this' is actually the true reason behind the more recent continual Free Listing offers
yes there IS SOMETHING definately wrong....almost each page with  listing and pictures DO NOT LOAD right.
Big issues today! Had a customer write to tell me they cannot bid on my item because they keep getting an error message that I don't take Paypal....What the Heck...I only take paypal and it shows that in the listing.
This is happening to everyone. I spoke with customer service today and they accidentally admitted that best match was wrong and that there are serious server issues that they are trying to resolve. There is no eta for getting this fixed. They know it's broken, they just have no idea how to fix it...
I sold one item yesterday morning, then 3 items within a minute last night around 10:30. That is absolutely weird. My sales were going great, this is my time of the year and then the bottom fell out around April 30th, I really do not like this. I see all of the other posts that sellers are getting those sporadic sales all of a sudden, and then nothing. It has to be a server problem and it is irresponsible of ebay not to tell us. I am going to the technical board to look there.
31+ hours with just one $9.99 sale. With normal sales of $12,000 to $15,000 per month here on Ebay you can understand my concern and why I am continuing to light up this discusion boards. They fixed something on the 8th and 9th but then they broke it again. On thoughs two days I had 17 sales total for the two days!!!! What was the difference between the 8th & 9th compaired to the 10th and the 11th. All four days fall during the week so it is not a weekend thing. There was no holliday. EBAY, THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT WE ARE ALL TALKING ABOUT. I keep track of all my sales and have since I started in 1999. So, when you have one of your little rolling black outs, server failures or site issues I KNOW IT. Why?, because I go from sales to NO SALES. I will continue to post, complain and tweet to @ABCNEWS @CBSNEWS @NBCNEWS @FOXNEWS @DATELINE for as long as you give me this free time with nothing to pack and ship. If you did not notice I was not on the boards on the 8th and 9th. I was busy taking care of business. NOW I HAVE TO ASK,,,,"WHAT BUSINESS"???
The site went completely haywire for me for several hours last night. It wanted me to log in when I already was logged in, and it was rejecting my password. Then I was magically logged in again. I printed 2 labels and then it shut me out again. Then I finally was able to print my labels, so I got to bed at 4AM because of their glitches. My completed item page was gone, many searches didn't work, many different error messages.... I sold a bunch of items this morning and then sales just stopped.
"The sad thing is, every year I work harder, find even more stuff to sell, streamline things, and I just end up with the same amount of income. It's pointless. I know I'm not lacking as a seller. I know the market for my stuff is even bigger than before. I've invested so much of my life in this business it makes me sick. It was so great when I started! It changed my life. To watch you ruin it just kills me. You're not only ruining my business, you're ruining my life. Every six months or so you kick me even harder. More fees, more requirements that aren't practical for a business run by only one person, and no defenses against buyers who have learned I'm defenseless against any bullying and abuse they want to throw my way. Add to that the best match searches that nobody wants, constant site glitches, and all the sneaking around and denying that there is a problem, or intent to diminish our sales at certain times."
That still sounds like a huge amount of money to me.  I'm happy when I make $20.00 when I sell.
Thanks Middel Earths Treasures for the link. I thougt I would put the whole thing here directly on the page for all to read and in hopes of spreading the word on just how OUTDATED Ebay's search engines are. REALLY EBAY???? we pay you (collectively, all sellers) BILLIONS of dollars every year and you can't update the search engine for us? You have to spend money to make money....Who said that??? You call every other month wanting to help me increase my sales and sell me something when I could give you better advise...UPDATE YOUR SEARCH ENGINE and fix your site so that customers can find things. If you did that you could make more money because all of us would make more money...making you money. Plus, you could let go half your staff that you hired to put bandaids, take calls, make calls all in the name of making you money. You went about it the wrong way. FIX YOUR SITE AND SEARCH ENGINE REGARDLESS OF PRICE/COST and you ALL of us will make more money and spend less time complaining about your site. Buyers will actually be able to find what they want and seamlessly purchase it and pay for it without glitches or grimlins.Tweet to @abcnes @nbcnews @cbsnews @foxnews @ebay
Been Getting Worse For THE PAST 2 WEEKS !!!
wonder WHEN EBay will response and WHEN listing will be FIXED ???
X-(  Tomorrow is the 15th and makes a MONTH of this server issue/problem. I made more in the first 15 days of April than I have in the past 30 days!!!!! 50%+++ of sales donw/gone. The only shinning star in all this is Ebay only gets the FVFs on half of what they could have. The probably lost more because before all of this I was in an upward swing and was increasing the amount of items I had for sale. Way to go Ebay...your losing money for all of us and your the only one that DESERVES IT!!! Tweeting to @abcnews @foxnews @cbsnews @nbcnews @glennbeck @reuters @ebay
Unbelieveable, my last sale was yesterday 05-13-12 @ 22:03:38 for $43.99. It is now 05-14-12 @ 22:19:40 and it is officially ANOTHER 24hr BLACK OUT. Not only are any sales coming in but no feedback accept for my first negative in over a year!!! REALLY??? Ebay you block customers from leaving regualar feedback but you let this customer negative feedback come through for having to pay customs/duty tax....which is clearly addressed in the sale page under international buyers. The only thing you let through today was a negative feedback!!! If this is how you are going to play then GAME ON. I own another business and make money elsewhere so I can afford to play this game with you. I may not like it but I can play it. I also know how to put your name out there and complain until you FIX THINGS.  Have to go spread the word at @foxnews @cbsnews @nbcnews @abcnews @msnbc @msn @googlenews @yahoonews @glennbeck @worldnews @onlinenews @breakingnews @Ebay @bingnews....I will spend the next YEAR sperading this all over the internet until this gets fixed. TURN MY SITE AND SELLING ABILITY BACK ON NOW!!!
Hallelujah...22:58:04 on the 14th and just over 24hr in with no sales and the Ebay gods allowed be the pleasure of ONE SALE!!! WHOO HOO!!!  I can hardly wait to get up in the morning and run to the back with my $40!!!! Until it is NORMAL expect the sarcasim!!!!
My friend called me from Florida, asked if i could look at her items, i did the search and out of 32 listings guess how many showed for me?  0, nadda, none.
And where are you located at, CAD?
We were on for the last 4 days, now we're off again. After averaging 2-3 sales per hour, we have had 2 so far today... How can they expect for us to think this is normal?
called again this morning, can't do anything, will try to report it to the techs, said I should end and relist my items
I am seeing items disapear right out of a sellers store, had 2 items saved they had over 400 listings, I went back today and it showed they had zero for sale even though i had these 2 saved.
I checked last night when I heard about this.  My SMP active list had 803 listings...my store had 770.  They are taking forever to index.
"my sales are down, not normal, found that some items can be seen and some not in my store! called ebay and the rep could not see some of my items either that I pointed out. They were there last night, this morning some were not showing. tech might have gone into my store to do corrections, now there are all there.  
"
Lucky for you, that you had a good tech. I called 2x but nothing changed, still not showing in search.
Maybe that is the problem with my sales....for the last month HARDLY ANYTHING. And I am a top seller, and showing up on page 8 or 10 in searches! I have hardly had enough sales to cover my ebay fees....sigh! we count on this money for GROCERIES! Ebay, if you are charging us the same, we need you to get this fixed.
I can`t access my auctions and this is exactly the time they are ending. The sorry you can`t access this page drove me crazy! Everything is frozen in my account. Is this a technical glitch or something? Never experienced this before. What a hell is going on?
"Last night, I was using my Satellite L675D-S7016 laptop when it all of sudden it began to run slowly and the screen was becoming all laggy. After about 30 seconds, it had suddenly shut off. So I had tried turning it back on, and it ran fine again for about 30 minutes until the issue had repeated itself. Only this time, when I went to try and turn it back on again, the screen had not turned on. My battery was at full charge before hand so I know it had nothing to do with that. I would hear the laptop running, yet my screen would stay black. I had done a little research of the problem and here are the following things I had done that have not worked:
 
-Taking the battery out, holding the power key for 60 seconds, putting the battery in and turning it on
-Letting the laptop die out until it needed to be recharged and plugging it into the AC adapter (the AC adapter is working, my laptop went back to running but the screen staying black)
-Cleaning out the inside of my laptop to see if dust was the problem
 
None of the above have worked for me and I'm hoping that somebody may have a solution. If anyone can help me with my problem, I will forever thank you. If all else fails, I will take it in to see if it needs any repairing after I try seeing if the display will come up on an external monitor. Thanks again."
When you turn on the notebook, nothing appears on the screen at all now? If you have an external monitor, have you tried that?
"I am experiencing a similar situation. On re-boot the monitor is lit, but I have no display. You can hear the windows logo sign-on. After about 10-15 restarts, the video returns.
 I do not loose the video when logging off, switching users, or in sleep mode; only on reboot or power down and restart.
 What could be the issue?
 "
"Wow. Having the same problem as well. Although didn't have the same symtoms running up to the problem we now have.
 I have a Toshiba Satelite A215. Had closed down the laptop lid and let it sleep. Opening back the laptop lid, the baterry, power and AC power light comes on, but screen is blank. Held down the power button to turn it off and turn it back on, but screen remains blank. No sounds. Keyboard lights up when it turns on. The same 3 blue lights come on, but hard drive light stays off and doesn't blink.
 Tried the same 3 suggestions sergiob95 posted, and nothing has changed.
 I notice there is a BIOS update for a blank screen issue, but I can't apply the update since I can't get the computer to come up."
"docarchy, try using an external monitor temporarily to apply it.
 
wcguthrie, so this problem never happens randomly? It only happens when you reboot or power off the notebook?
- Peter"
Works on external monitor but not laptop screen.
"I have a similar problem with my NB205 the screen stays black but the back light works perfectly. I took the hold thing down and played with the connections and nothing. Sometimes it would come up and work for me but if the screen goes to sleep it will never come back on again. I updated the BIOS to 2.10 and I know the video card works because I hooked it up to a external monitor and the computer is working fine. Even if a miracle happens and comes on during first boot up, when time to put in my password and that split second when the screen goes black to bring you to the desktop it stays black. It s frustrating. 
 
Does anybody have a solution, I think there is a software error somewhere."
Peter, I did try plugging it into an external monitor. But external monitor stays blank as well.
"Can I get the full model number (not serial number) from the three of you? There should be two parts to it. For example ""NB205"" is only partial.
 
wcguthrie, tazzman1on1, check in your BIOS to see if there's a setting for choosing between the internal LCD and an external monitor.
- Peter"
"Peter""
 
The loptop screen works when switching between users and when logging off. I loose video on the laptop screen if I reboot or power down.
 
I have updated to the current bios, win 7 prof all updates and installed the latest Intel video driver.
 
I never loose video on the external monitor.
 
I have told the video card to send video to both screens at the same time. I have a signal on the external monitor, but no signal on the laptop screen.
 
Wcguthrie"
Peter: L515-S4960
"How long have you been having this problem?
 
If it just started happening recently, you could try using System Restore to restore a previous restore point from before this became an issue.
 
Unfortunately, I'm running out of ideas.
 
You could try doing a recovery (as opposed to a System Restore). Recovering your laptop to its original, out-of-the-box state is a great way to eliminate software as a possible cause of the problem. Note that doing a system recovery will return the laptop to its default conditions, completely wiping your data. Information on how to perform a system recovery can be found in your user's guide (hold '0' while booting and then follow the prompts). The advantage is that if the problem persists, you know positively that it's a hardware issue.
 
You might just want to contact support at (800) 457-7777.
- Peter"
"Peter:
 
Thanks; I am beginning to think this it is a bad video card or the screen is dying. Not sure that I want to go back to the original ""out of the box"" condition. I added MS office as a download and there have been many updates.
 
thanks for the ideas
 
wcguthrie"
"cplrazo, try this. Turn off your laptop, unplug all wires, remove the battery, and hold the power button for thirty seconds. Afterwards, reattach the battery and connections.
- Peter"
"Hi all,
 
I am having the same issue and I was wanting to see if there was an update.  I have a C655-S5056 w/ windows 7.
 
Fans and HDD spin, lights flash, DVD spins up, no LCD (not even a flicker).  Worked fine this morning, went to hibernate for an hour or two and now nothing.  External monitor did not work.
 "
Scott, try what I suggested in the previous message to another user.- Peter
"Peter, I've reviewed all of your posts regarding the Toshiba laptop screen staying black and have tried your sollutions, taking out the battery, pressing the power button, then putting the battery back in and that didn't do anything. I've updated the Bios and the video driver. When I attach the laptop to an external monitor, I'm good to go but want to be mobile with my laptop. Any other suggestions. I have a Satellite L305-S5955.
I know Dell has a site where you can go to follow hardware instructions to dismantle and replace parts. Do you know if Toshiba has a URL with that info as well? I was thinking about reseating the LCD and the video card and using canned air to clean under the keyboard and stuff but don't know where I might find online info on dismantling the laptop. Any help would be appreciated!!  Maybe I need to replace the LCD?"
"marie_fahy, no, Toshiba doesn't have a page like that. Before you spend money having the LCD replaced, I'd try a factory recovery. Yes, you'll lose all your data, but it will either fix it or rule out software completely.
- Peter"
eter, the laptop will no longer display when connected to an external monitor. Any suggestions?
"Now that performance is further degrading, it sounds like a hardware failure of some sort. I'd recommend you seek servicing for the laptop.
- Peter"
I'm having a similar problem with my laptop. The only difference is that my cursor is still on the screen. I can move it around the black screen, but nothing more. This happens when the computer goes into sleep mode. When I restart the computer by hitting the power button, it shows the Toshiba graphics and then the "start windows normally" or "start in safe-mode" screen comes on. After I hit "start windows normally," the screen goes blank. It stays black for about 10 minutes. Then, the windows screen comes up. Does this have something to do with needing an update? Could I have a virus that could be making this happen? (I have AVG, so it's protected.)
"f you start in 'Safe Mode', does the graphic user interface start, and are you able to work in Safe Mode?
 
Also, we need your full model name/number, there's a Toshiba label on the bottom of your unit. In addition, what version on Windows are you running, Windows 7 64bit, or?
 
Mike"
"this has just happened to me recently and ive tried all of the things on the forum so far except for the external monitor seeing as i dont have one to attach it to. 
I have a toshiba satellite l655d-s5109
Is there anything else I can do without an external monitor?"
yes but still not working
"Hello everyone,

My Satellite U305-S7449 turns on but the screen stays black. I can hear it running. I have tried removing the battery and all other connections pressing down the power button for the above mentioned time and then replacing the battery. Screen is still black. When I connect it to the AC adapter the battery icon at the very bottom of the screens shows up as orange, I let it charge for several hours and that orange color never went away. Makes all the sounds that if would when it would work normally. I really don't want to get it back to out-of-the-box mode since I have many pictures and videos of my family and friends.

Please help!!

Thank you all!!!"
I am also having the same problem with my Toshiba c655 .. But when I turn it on without plug in charger, it runs for upto 10 seconds without display and then turns off again.. And when I start it with charging then it runs continuously but without display ! Can't judge what's the issue in it .. Can any 1 help .. 
"Hi, I had the same issue on my netbook nb305. It's quite a common problem if you google it. The connector on the back of the lcd becomes detached probably through man handling and temperature changes.
 
At the bottom of the bezel are two brown pads, prize them out and you will see two screws, undo them and then prize off the bezel gently ... it will come off trust me.
 
You will then be faced with 4 silver screws, remove them and the back of the lcd will be exposed.
 
If you want to take the 4 black screws out at the side to completely remove the lcd it makes it easier to push the connector back in. At the bottom you will see a braded cable that goes round the back of the lcd and is taped on with black tape. gently pull this tape off to expose the lcd connector, you may find it is loose or detached already. Gently push this connector back in sliding it upwards into the socket.
 
Power it up before you put it back together, all should be ok. This has worked for loads of people who thought they need a new screen.
 
As this was the fix for my nb305 my guess is that all other toshies suffer from the same poor quality connection and will want to charge you for a new screen.
 
Try this first at your own risk but I was willing to save a few GBP's by doing it."
"Hughmungus wrote:
Hi, I had the same issue on my netbook nb305. It's quite a common problem if you google it. The connector on the back of the lcd becomes detached probably through man handling and temperature changes.
 
I want to check out this possibility on a Tecra A9, but its screen doesn't have the same little screw covers. Does anyone  know how to get into that model to check the LCD connector? Thanks. "
Google your Toshiba laptop number along with replacing CMOS clock. I was able to find step by step instructions with pictures about how to take it apart, replace the CMOS clock, and reassemble. Took maybe 30 min working slow and carefully to take apart. Went back together in about 15 min. Wasn't hard.
Make sure you ground yourself or wear a grounding band 
hi i have almost same problem but my screen isn't quite off and it went very very dark i'd try everything you suggest to the other user but nothing happend. somthing is died in my lcd? how much fixing it gonna cost me? please answer fast. i appericiate that.thanks
505-S6980 Mine is doing the similar. Power works, screen black. In fact, if I hold a lamp in front of the screen I can barely see my desktop. I have been able to get online and all on it, but cannot see it with out the lamp. I tried changing the inverter, but no luck. Any Ideas? Is there a backlight switch? The screen was only 3 months old. My 2 year old climbed up and started pressing buttons, and it went black. I cannot figure out if he hit something to make it go off or if it's a faulty bulb. Please Help!
had same issue , but after a quick though i unplugged the computer and took out the battery, and waited a few min . after reinstalling the battery and starting up it worked fine think it has somrthing to do with the sleep mode
"Hi.
 
If you experience problems with the backlighting on intel hd graphics I suggest you take a look at bkltON at:
https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B0q5YdCY_L5QSFB4OUZpUmYxYTQ/edit?usp=sharing
 
bkltON enables manual control of the backlighting on the sandy bridge (2nd generation intel core of 2011) integrated graphics.
That is intel hd 3000/2000.
 
The sourcecode can be modified to enhance the compatibility if later hardware versions doesn't respond properly.
 
Have a nice day."
" Update: Got the new keyboard put in, still has the same symptoms. F2 or F12 will work and once it's in BIOS or boot device select keyboard doesn't work, usb keyboard/usb mouse doesn't work even when it loads to Windows 8. I'm going to take the motherboard back out and go over it with a magnifying glass and see if I can see anything burnt. I'll update this thread later.
 
    I am going to leave this here for further google research to show this, but I had the same problem as a few people. I would turn on the laptop, the screen would not turn on, but power light was on, dvd/cd drive spun, battery charging light was on but there was no HD activity.
 
    I am awaiting a PM from Peter with a question as to whether the Fn functionality that Toshiba has is built into their keyboards/BIOS but when I unplugged my keyboard ribbon, the computer then booted up just fine. However, if somehow your keyboard FN key disabled trackpad and some other stuff, a usb keyboard/usb mouse won't work either. It's possible Fn is saved in BIOS perhaps and computer remembers it?
 
    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlO5crblG64&list=PL859D41CB36E1F01D
 
    Not everyone feels adventurous enough to take their computer apart but the keyboard is a really easy thing to disconnect. The above video is a general video but there's a website that has a lot of Toshiba guides as well:
 
    http://www.irisvista.com/tech/
 
    If anyone is having this problem, can you check and see if it boots up after unhooking the keyboard? This may not work for everyone my model is L305D-S5934, an oldie XD Try all the other steps Peter mentioned first though before resorting to this. It's a quick easy check and takes not even 5 minutes to disconnect the keyboard ribbon.
 
    I have a replacement keyboard on the way from Amazon, about $20.00, I got a thread in the Keyboard/Touchpad section as well, so I'll update both threads and let you know if the new Keyboard fixed my problems. I will probably have to re-install Windows 8 however, I'm not sure if a damaged keyboard, short-circuited spamming keys at Windows OS did any damage; probably."
"I have a Satelitte A305-S6872
 
I am having the same problem.  Black screen & no hard drive light.  The power light comes on and it sounds like it's running but I see nothing.  I've re-booted with no avail."
"ello! I seem to be having a similar problem.  My Toshiba S855D-S5253 is showing a black screen when I try to boot it up.  Occasionally, one or more one-pixel thick colored lines will appear on the screen but has happened on only a few boot ups.  The backlight is functioning fine.  The computer sounds normal, and the caps lock and num lock keys respond properly.  Pressing ctrl-alt-delete seems to cause the computer to restart.  This is the third time I have had this problem with my computer.  Previously, the problem went away after a few hours and the computer functioned normally, but it happend again about 5 or 6 days later.  I have tried removing the battery and holding down on the power button for a minute but that doesn't help.
Any help would be greatly appreciated!"
Thanks Peter.  I followed your advice and did some research in the device; took pictures of all the messages in case it should happen again; and got everything back.  I did find out that the "C" drive was corrupted, though.  Other than that, everything was still intact.  I actually did a system restore.  Not sure how everything ended up in the recycle bin; but that is where I found it after researching the device. Any suggestions on the "C" drive?  Made a back up copy of all the files for my grandaughter.  I have the same kind of computer with the Windows 8; don't really like it, but my grandaughter does.  Anyway everything is back; but let me know, if anything, about the "C" drive?
ve had the same problem! I really wish it would work because I need iTunes on it so I can sync my music.
 was also having this issue, I took the battery out, cleaned the area started it up and Yeah! mine is working again.  Thank You
I do not know what model I have, I believe it's a C5 series satellite and the screen is blank. For a bit it would flicker and now nothing. With that said I don't believe it is the screen. I took the casing off and messed with the wires coming from the MB to the screen and nothing. I am not a wiz with laptops, is the video card built into the MB?
"I have the same problem Peter. The screen just went black. I've restarted it but the HD light does not blink just the power and battery charging light come on. Screen stays black no matter what. There is nothing on the screen at all and i do not have access to another external monitor. The battery is new, got it in January. I've uplugged the power cord and the battery, pressed Fn, F8, F10 and ctrl+alt+delete yet still nothing. It powers up but you hear nothing after that. Please help, this is five years worth of college work on here and family photos that I don't want to lose.
 
Anything thoughts? I have an A505D-S6958"
"We have a troubleshooting assistant that addresses many causes of a laptop not booting. Try using it.
 
Troubleshooting Assistant
 
You can also contact customer support at (800) 457-7777.
- Peter"
TAKE YOUR HARD DRIVE OUT AND PUT IT INTO A HARD DRIVE ENCLOSURE. THEN BROWSE YOUR FOLDERS AND COPY EVERYTHING OVER TO ANOTHER PC.
what to do to remedy this
"Bullet, try the suggestions in this article...
 
What can I do if my Windows 7 or Windows Vista laptop won't start?
 
...or the troubleshooting assistant I linked above. If neither help, you'll need to contact customer support.
- Peter"
"I Peter, I hope this thread isn't dead yet. I have an satellite L645D-S4033 and am experiencing the same exact problems as docarchy - put the laptop to sleep, tried turning it back on but only the hard drive turns on while the screen remains off. I have tried all the suggestions and nothing is working. **using an external screen also does not work for me. Is there a way to at least fix this so I can use the external screen?

Thank you"
"4/5 times this is a hardware issue--windows should pick up a driver issue and repair it automatically this feature is new as of windows 7 so i dont think drivers are an issue. 
 
thanks
Jeffery Bergman
CEO
Bergman Industries
 
sent from my ipad
thanks

Jeff Bergman"
"I have a Qosmio laptop which has the same symptoms as one of the other users in this thread.
 
Laptop works but screen is completely blank. I don't think it's an issue with the backlight since the monitor is lit, there just isn't anything on the screen (it's not just a dim screen, I cannot see anything if I tilt it or view it from another angle). This problem ONLY occurs when I shut down or restart my laptop. I'm forced to keep the laptop in hibernation/sleep mode when I don't use it otherwise my screen won't work. Note that attaching an external monitor to it works fine.
 
The first couple of times it happened I just opened and closed the lid like 20 times and it fixed itself. Later that didn't do the trick and I've read that taking out the battery and power supply and holding down the power button for 60 seconds helps. And it did! 2 times that is. After 20 tries even that doesn't seem to work anymore. I'm writing this using an external monitor, I've no clue what else to do.
 
EDIT: So I became kinda angry and started smashing the back of the lid with my fists and the monitor turned on."
"Peter,
 
I am having the same problem with my P305D-S8836.  I have tried all of your steps.  Also I saw from another website that says check the memory.  I did and in fact one of my cards were loose.  I put it back.  I checked the hard drive and nothing.  I hear the fan come on and the hard drive engaging.  I do not have an additional monitor to check to see if it is the monitor.  I did try hitting the SHIFT button 5 times to see if it was actually on but no ""Sticky Key"" sound occurred.  As I was on it last night it said it need to restart to complete an update.  I did that and saw on the shut down screen that it was loading the updates.  When it showed complete it never restarted and has not come back on since.
 
The operating system is Vista and the laptop is about 4yrs old."
My iMac, although 5 years old, iPad Mini and 5s all run their latest OS.  Would syncing, backing up, transfering apps, music, data files to iTunes/iCloud save memory space on these devices?
no
No, not really. iCloud serves as more of syncing for specific data and continued storage for purchases. It doesn't impact memory at all, and has only minimal impact on storage.
With only 16gb on my iPad, I should limit the apps and files saved on it?
If you have lots of music,photos, videos etc.. you could be selective and reduce your overall files etc..
sadly enough my iPhone got stolen, but when my friends message me their phones keep trying to send me iMessages. Obviously my friends have checked that their phones won't send normal SMS when I'm not available on iMessage, so I end up receiving nothing until they manually say "Send via SMS". any ideas?
There are only three ways I know of to stop this: 1. Put your sim card(which I know you don't have) into another iPhone & turn iMessage off; 2. If you registered this phone on Apple'a support site, under your profile, you can login & remove the phone; 3. Have your friends turn iMessage off when messaging you.
1. Go to: https://supportprofile.apple.com/MySupportProfile.
Wipe your phone, dear sir that is the only thing that you can do that will achieve what you want.
ask your friends to delete your contact info from their phones and re-add it.
it didn't work for me. My friend's phone still automatically sent the message as iMessage. There has to be a simpler way than having 100+ friends delete you from their contacts.
A few things changed with ios 6 since original post. All you need to do now if you are in the same boat as OP is -change your imessage password.
this did not help me
Once again, change imessage password- that is all.
how do I change language on iphone 5s?
Settings App > General > International > Language
iOS deleted my photos, videos, apps, and fried my battery. 
What happens when you connect it to your computer? Does iTunes recognize it?
I have not tried it since I got my photos off. I will have to try again.
Try calibrate the battery:Let it run (play a game) till it switch off by itself then use the wall power socket and charge it till it's full.
Itunes does. Ot recognize it and the computer does not acknowledge that it is plugged in. The screen of the phone blinks on and off with the white screen with the black apple logo on it.
Apple says i am 30days past hardware warranty, so if i want it fixed it will cost $296.00 Any Suggestions?
Are you sure its not 296.00 for a refurbish iphone 5?
Probably, they would just give me refurbished. Point is, that was my only option..take it or leave it.
Honestly there is nothing else you can do, but pay for a refurbish one.
You can always buy a phone outright without the discounted out of warranty cost.
Thanks for advise..but the phone is one year old!
I installed the Gmail app and that works fine, if I get a new email and it tells me right away but not with the default mail app. Any ideas? 
Google has disabled exchange support for new devices. Unless you want to use their app or pay them $5/month.
Phones that still have Gmail set up as an Exchange account can keep using it that way. You just can't set it up on any new phones.
Not sure why everyone is talking about exchange...I never had my Gmail setup as an exchange account on my iPhone 5 on iOS6 and it worked fine.
K so I am guessing this is Google's way of forcing you to use it's app
That approach is what most people do now. 
Can you explain the google vs apple...why is there a rivalry? 
Google also makes a phone operating system (Android) and phones 
 Guess I am going to have to live with the Gmail app.
Personally, I like the Gmail app better than the stock app
 Yea I will need to get used to the gmail app, I am just so used to the default app and I hate change.
Yes, change is challenging and iOS 7 threw a lot of it at people all at once
You can configure multiple exchange accounts in the Mail app
iOS 7 app store update list does not clear after updates have been installed
It isnt something that you can turn off.
So in a years time we could have a list with thousands of icons, this does not seem to be correct
This is so minor, but is driving me absolutely crazy! It is so annoying!
It has been said that they only persist for about a week. However, as iOS 7 has not been out for that long, it's not possible to verify.
Good point, we will have to wait and see
it's a pity Apple has not produce an IOS7 PDF Manual
you mean like this one !!
Thank you, will have some bed time reading (how sad).
Well, as manuals go, Apple does a pretty good one.
"T. Jones says:
Hey guys, 

I recently ordered the Last of Us season pass as a digital code from Amazon's new Playstation digital code storefront, and it says that if I order it I am supposed to get a code for $5 off my next Amazon digital code purchase. That was 4 days ago, and the promotional credit still hasn't been emailed to me. I even got an email when I purchased it saying the code would be coming but it hasn't yet. So I was just wondering where I would go to ask a Amazon representative for the credit and would be really grateful if any of you could help me out.
"
"Mostlee (Cleric) says:
Last time I ordered something similar to that, I received the code weeks later, long after I forgot about it."
"Jonathan says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
From the product page ( The Last of Us: Season Pass - PS3 [Digital Code] ): 

""Get a $5 Credit for PlayStation Digital Games and DLC at Amazon
Purchase the [Digital Code] version of this game and get a $5 credit for your next purchase of PlayStation Digital Games and DLC, featuring digital content for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation Vita. To see all titles eligible for this offer, click here. 

How the credit works: 

1) Complete your order of a qualifying digital item (digital items will have [Digital Code] in the title), 

2) We will send you confirmation of your credit via email within two days after your qualifying order is completed,

3) Return to Amazon and purchase PlayStation Digital Games and DLC and the discount will be automatically applied. Credit must be redeemed by November 18, 2014. Amazon reserves the right to change or terminate this promotion at any time. Learn more.""

Sounds like you got the confirmation e-mail and the credit is already attached to your account, since it doesn't mention a code to be redeemed at all."
"T. Jones says:
Oh my god it worked thank you so much."
"A. Miller says:
To Train Up a Child - is an advocate of child abuse and is as outrageous as that pedophile book you offered for sale a while back except in this book's case kids are already dead and abused. Why is this still offered for sale? What's next - do it yourself rape-kits or child sized chain kits? As a retail outlet, Amazon should have some care in what they offer.

http://www.examiner.com/article/deaths-of-children-have-been-linked-to-the-book-to-train-up-a-child

Even 'Christian booksellers' that pander to the market this book was written for are showing more initiative;

http://barthsnotes.com/2013/11/12/uk-christian-bookseller-chain-pulls-to-train-up-a-child-apologises/"
"Cassie Ware says:
Could not agree more! Regardless of anyone's views on spanking, the emotional abuse alone that this book perpetuates is unacceptable and disturbing. It is never okay to ""break"" another human being. It is also never okay for a retail organization to promote child abuse via the merchandise it allows to be sold. Amazon is doing just that. Please--remove the book and all books by these authors!"
"A. Dietz says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)    (KINDLE FORUM PRO)
Who gets to be appointed censor to decide which books are ""acceptable"" and which are not? What if someone wants to ban the Quran or the Bible because it offends them? (There are large groups that would love to ban one or the other or both.) Is that okay with you?"
"Joy Windle says:
I agree. Reading the report of the interview with the authors is nauseating, and the resulting deaths when mis-guided parents followed the advice in To Train Up a Child is heartbreaking. It should be sub-titled, ""How to Convince your child that pain is love."" Please remove it from Amazon's 'shelves.'"
"Derrick Dodson says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
The ONLY people trolling this tripe are the fakebook morons who keep posting this drivel over and over and over and over and over and over and over again on here. 

How about Lolita (pedophilia)? Flowers in the Attic (child-on-child incest)? The Good Earth (child foot binding)? The Hunger Games (children forced to kill other children)? Lord of the Flies (LOTS of child abuse in that one)? Harry Potter or Wizard of Oz (all the adults in those books were incompetent, using the child/ren, or trying to kill them...what does THAT teach?)? I could keep going, you know. And several of the responders here have already pointed out the Bible. It has been used to justify FAR more deaths than this fakebook fake-outrage book will ever even be seen by. It also advocates killing children all the time: 

""For anyone who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death; he has cursed his father or his mother; his blood is upon him.""

""Whoever strikes his father or his mother shall be put to death.""

""If a man has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not obey the voice of his father or the voice of his mother, and, though they discipline him, will not listen to them, then his father and his mother shall take hold of him and bring him out to the elders of his city at the gate of the place where he lives, and they shall say to the elders of his city, `This our son is stubborn and rebellious; he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton and a drunkard.' Then all the men of the city shall stone him to death with stones. So you shall purge the evil from your midst...""

Where is your self-righteous fake sanctimony about THAT book? 

What about knives? Amazon sells those. They are used to kill people. Surely Amazon must stop selling them, right? The PERSON killing someone with a knife can't be responsible for their own actions, can they? Your arguments are beyond ridiculous. Take it back to some fake book echo chamber where people aren't going to laugh out loud reading your posts."
"A. Dietz says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)    (KINDLE FORUM PRO)
The Bible and the Quran are blamed for many religious wars. Shall we pull them, too? Where does it stop and who gets to decide? By the way, I am not at all defending that book. I am defending Amazon's right to sell it in an uncensored society, just as you and your friends have a right to not buy it."
"Rodger Licheni says:
We have recently purchased Diary of a Wimpy Kid The Third Wheel and the pages only appear in a small portion of the screen and too small
to read. how do we fix this? Rodger"
"JB Finswagle says:
I got Amazon's email about the preorder for Xbox One starting at 8am ET today. I went to the site a couple of minutes early, hitting the refresh button regularly. When the item was available, I clicked through and added it to my cart. When I attempted to check out, I got an error message saying that Amazon was working on the problem. I repeatedly went back into the cart to try and get through the checkout process, and mostly got the same error message. When I eventually got to the point where I was asked to select delivery address, etc. it took that, but then I was kicked back to the same error message. After going through the same hassle for a couple of minutes, I got another message saying that Amazon didn't have the item available any longer and placed it in my watch list. Gee thanks, Amazon! It appears that your system constraints couldn't handle the load, and in spite of my being able to get a unit into my cart, you couldn't let me close the deal. This leaves more than a little bad taste in my mouth."
"lisa g child says:
Your whole ""pre-order"" was a joke. I understand there was high volume traffic for this particular item and that it was a long shot to actually get one. But when you are told you have it in your cart and have already entered the payment we assumed it was ordered. It took 3 minutes to approve our payment type and then let us know there were no more available. Not that payment was declined but that there were no more available. Seems to me it was already in my cart and should have been mine.
Seriously re-thinking my Cyber Monday shopping day with amazon as opposed to another more reliable source.
Very disappointed in Amazon.com."
"vikki says:
Same Thing.. I got email saying the xbox one would be ready for pre order today starting at 8:00am I was on my comuptuer starting at 7:30am refreshing and had my daughter on her account trying to one then when I put mine in my chart checked the 2 year warrenty and clicked check out
i got the same errors as above to sum up the words we are having glitches and it will be fixed as soon as possible and then check your orders to see if it was in your order history well guess what NOT;; and same thing with my daughter she kept getting the same message, this went on for about 6 min and then when finally I hit the check out again after it was in my chart and it wiped my entire cart clean this happened about 2 times, and same thing with my daughter account, we only need One of them. Many of us are great customers with amzon and I do understand that yes there is a very high demand for this item but darn why does it have to glitch one many of us?"
"bubba says:
Absolute waste of time this morning. According to the phone reps, the item is not ""yours"" until your order is complete. The total number of units available this morning was very low and many of us experienced the check out failure. Not an Amazon fan after this fiasco."
"C. Huffman says:
I couldn't tell if my pre-order took or not. I clicked on it, and went to my cart, and nothing, tried again, this time with the extended warrentee, the warrentee showed up, but not the xbox. It still said it was available for pre-order, but it never showed up in the cart."
"Artemis says:
Thanks a whole lot for cancelling my Xbox One order (that was pre-ordered since June) two days before delivery for no reason! What horrible customer service. I spoke to four different Amazon reps. The first two, Charles and Subash said don't worry, it will arrive at your door on Friday. The third rep Sharon says the bank didn't approve but the bank never received any request so she has no idea so she tells me to call telecheck because they process the payment, not Amazon. I call and no one answers. I tell Sharon to fix this issue because I have the money, it's not my fault you won't take it. she transfers me to a supervisor named Maria. Maria says she will check into why it was cancelled. After holding again, she tells me that there is no reason why my order has been cancelled and can't find who actually cancelled. There are no annotations on my account. Are you serious? This has to be a joke, right? Nope. I was warned not to pre-order with your company because you tend to do this kind of thing but I didn't believe it because I've never had an issue with Amazon before. Why did you feel the need to prove me wrong? Now I have to wait because Maria transferred me to the cancellation department because she can't do anything for me. Will they call me? No. The cancellation team only responds by email, so I ask will I get a response today? Maria tells me they will contact me as soon as possible. I ask is soon today, tomorrow, next week, next month, next year? Maria says she can not verify that and sorry for the inconvenience. Seriously? That's the best costumer service you can give? I am so disappointed in your company. Now I have to scramble to find an available one, even though I have about a snowball chance in hell of getting one now that you screwed up my order. Your company needs to make this right. Have you checked your forums lately? I am not the only one with this issue."
"Kipp J. Tait says:
well....cant say anything that wasnt already said....no idea why Amazon offers such a service...that sends emails to customers that are on the list.....obviously its doesnt work.....I did the same ....with the same result....was not able to place the order.....myself and everyone else should be getting our XBOX ONE or dont send an email...or amybe add a disclosure***not an offer to purchase one just entertainment purposes and really designed to drive you to our website....REALLY C'MON AMAZON"
"J. Penrose says:
It's not *yours* until you buy it. Some people put an item in their cart and it sits there for weeks while they build up to an order they wish to complete or wait for a price drop. Should Amazon reserve stock for everything put in a cart?

With millions of people signed on at any given time, can you imagine the logistics nightmare if they did it your way?"
"J. Penrose says:
Amazon is the largest retailer on the planet, do you *really* think they need to ""pretend"" to have stock in order to lure customers?

Look at all the posts, there's a large (it seems) group of very vocal people for whom the entire Universe came to a crashing halt because they could not order their new toy this very instant.

Since this has happened with every major console release for the last twenty years, going back to people standing in line overnight only to be told the supply ran out, why is any one of you surprised you could not fulfill your ""Gimmie it right now, I wannit!"" urge?

If you haven't kept up with business trends in that industry, it's not at all uncommon for the maker of a product to deliberately undersupply something they know will be the current hot banana as this will drive the markets into a frenzy and people who might otherwise act rationally will go ape*** trying to get one which enhances the ""buzz"" and gets more free publicity for the new toy than the company could hope to acquire with cash.

A certain computer company is a past master at this game and I think the console makers are right up there in cleverness as well.

It makes you sound like a whiny lot of pre-schoolers when told they can't have a cookie."
"Thomas C. Miller says:
I see what you are talking about ... however on things like this ... Maybe they should have reserve stock. Like you talking about Standing in line for the Midnight launch at a store. But if you do, do that, and you have your hands on an item, when you go to the counter to pay for it, You will get it. Unlike here today. I am not whining. I think it is kinda dumbfounded that I put something in my cart and go to pay for it(they even had 1Click) option available, which I clicked on not even a second after I put it in the cart and it tells me sorry we have encountered an error. I was able to put it in my cart a total of 5 different times before Amazon finally said the item was unavailable."
"WVStarship says:
We understand that, but we didn't wait for weeks to try to purchase. We hit the checkout button and it crashed-- over and over and over again. Until it disappeared and was gone (sold out). 

Sure, there's nothing anyone can do about it now but it's still frustrating as heck. It didn't say that it was already sold out, it just wouldn't let us finish the transaction.

So, is there some trick to this? If it was crashing for me and so many other people how did the stock get sold?

Is anyone reading this who DID manage to buy one? I'd like to hear for you."
"J. Penrose says:
How many millions were trying to buy the same item at the same instant? If a million people tried and only one tenth of one per cent had a problem, that'd still be 1,000 people and those would be the ones loudly and persistently posting complaints on the forums. :)"
"Kevin T. Spaulding says:
I would like to hear from an Amazon Moderator on this issue: I was fortunate enough to get through and pre-order one. When I was pre-ordering, it said ""want it by November 22,2013? Order in the next 5 hours and 55 minutes and it will be delivered on November 22, 2013."" Their ""guaranteed delivery"" after I purchased it, stated that it was not November 22, 2013 and I now am not getting it until November 26, 2013 per their ""estimated delivery"". Any other time I preorder an item, it comes out on release day. I am happy to be a lucky one for the pre-order, but at the same time, don't falsify delivery info. I would have rather went and waited in line at Best Buy tomorrow night."
"Jonathan says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
I would just like to point out that the Xbox One was available for pre-order for *months* (at least until late August, which was the last time I saw it as available, though it might have been around in early September too). Compared to the PS4, which originally sold out within a day.

The (very) limited quantity Amazon was selling today was probably the consoles that freed up from cancelled pre-orders."
"J. Penrose says:
Given the reports now seemingly swamping the press about the things failing straight out of the box, I suspect some of you should be grateful you didn't get one straight away. :)

Sony though, is right on it: ""Sony says the complaints could be related to problems with the console's power supply, hard drive, related hardware or connection to an incompatible television.""

And that's why it's called the ""bleeding edge""."
"Jonathan says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
J., that's for the Sony PlayStation 4. These guys are talking about Microsoft's Xbox One. 

Not making a prediction on how the One's launch will fare - I remember the Red Ring of Death on the 360 all too well - but it's a totally different console."
"S. Silverstein says:
Hi, not sure what happened but all the sudden Amazon Prime is showing a digital purchase, and I did not make this purchase and dont want the product. How do I cancel or remove this?"
"(HELP FORUM PRO)
Not quite sure what you're asking. Amazon Prime is a subscription to a shipping program with some digital perks and can be cancelled from Your Account. Digital purchases are generally non-refundable, except for Kindle books which can be returned from Manage Your Kindle within a week of purchase. You might want to contact customer service."
"Stephens A. Salami says:
WHY THIS ITEM CAN'T BE SHIPPED TO MY ADDRESS ? 
Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 - factory unlocked- 16GB Gray 
$293.44 - In Stock 
Condition: Used - Like New 
Sold by: Organics Overseas Inc"
"Jonathan says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
That listing reeks of ""scam"" to me. 

The price is listed at ""$293.44 + shipping (currently unavailable),"" the seller blatantly says ""I'm not an authorized dealer"" to justify why he's selling a new phone under the used category, he's telling you to contact him via e-mail in his seller profile image (a HUGE red flag), his listings are suspect (a lot of herbal products and then some low-priced big-ticket items like iMacs, cameras and phones - the usual targets for scammers), and his feedback isn't all that great.

My advice is avoid this guy like the plague.

*edit: A 60-inch TV for $471? Yeah, right. Smart money's on this being a scam."
"Chery H. Wilson says:
on my statement there is a charge for a kindle book that I didn't order. when I order a kindle book I always download it immediately to my kindle.. This is a kindle book that I would never choose to read.
how do I get it taken off of my statement?. It is not downloaded into my kindle."
"Jonathan says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
First, go to ""Manage Your Kindle"" and see if it appears there. If it does, you can return it from there within a week of purchase. But if it is there, that means it was purchased it using your account, so I'd highly advise changing passwords if it wasn't you.

To talk to customer service using the ""Contact Us"" button."
"Zoeytron says:
can i purchase extra memory for my kindle fire"
"A. Dietz says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)    (KINDLE FORUM PRO)
No, but you can get an external WiFi drive like these:
Seagate Wireless Plus 1 TB Mobile Device Storage with Built-In Wi-Fi Streaming (STCK1000100)
Kingston Wi-Drive 64 GB USB 2.0 Pocket-sized Portable Storage WID/64GB-A"
"Nicole says:
I have a collection of about 4000 songs in .mp3 format. No file is over 10MB. When I try to upload them, the scanner only finds ~1900 songs to upload. I haven't uploaded those songs yet because I didn't want to go through the hassle of waiting for songs to upload if the albums were incomplete. I know a few of my songs are ""unknown"" songs, but it is only finding partial collections of certain albums. Does anyone know how to get the uploader to upload all the songs?"
"Crystal B. - Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON OFFICIAL)    (AMAZON)
If the music is on an external hard drive, you'll want to use the ""Browse Manually"" option to search for the songs. 

Please make sure all of the songs you're trying to upload are in supported formats. You can check out the different formats here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=201114020.

Let me know if you have any other questions."
"becky iraheta says:
does anyone know how to contact kindle with an 800 number? i need to ask a question about my kindle locking u["
"Crystal B. - Forum Moderator says:
(AMAZON OFFICIAL)    (AMAZON)
Hey there, Becky! Our Kindle Support team can be reached anytime by clicking the yellow ""Contact Us"" button to the right of this thread.

Since your Kindle is locking up, try restarting it to see if that fixes the issue. Here's a link from our Help page with instructions on how to do that: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=200829000.

Please let me know how it goes!"
"James Anderson says:
Apparently, Amazon is not THAT interested in customer service/questions. There site has got to be one of the most obtuse/confusing sites to relay concerns or questions to customer service. I am beginning to realize that maybe the ObamaCare website WAS designed by Amazon, but I digress. The Prime membership citing 2-day delivery is not quite true. Maybe 2 days to the closet Post Office, an outfit that is overwhelmed, understaffed, and losing money at a nearly exponential rate! Since my mail is not delivered directly to my house and Amazon appears to be relying more and more on SurePost to cut costs, they may discover a shrinking database of customers. I doubt that they will admit to the switch to SurePost as a factor in losing customers, but I believe this to be the (early) beginning of the end of Amazon's large share of the mail-order market. Too bad that they appear to be run by short-sighted management."
"Meya says:
(KINDLE FORUM PRO)
Top 5 Questions>>>>Over there on the upper right
How do I contact Customer Service?<<<Click This

Or, use the Contact Us button on the right of this page, or the Help link, which is at the top of EVERY SINGLE Amazon page."
"asortafairytale says:
""There site has got to be one of the most obtuse/confusing sites to relay concerns or questions to customer service.""

I'm thinking the obtuse one here is not the Amazon site considering there are FOUR ways to contact them on this page alone:
1. ""Help"" link at the top of the page.
2. ""Help"" link at the bottom of the page.
3. ""Contact Us"" button on the right side of the page.
4. ""How do I contact Customer Service?"" link on the right side of the page."
"Lori Diederich says:
I'm totally with you, James. Having to pick up my packages at the post office and having them not even be available for several days after the 'guaranteed delivery date' is just ridiculous. I contacted Amazon support via chat tonight and they said they would contact the post office and instruct them to deliver the packages without requiring someone be there to sign for them, but I'm skeptical if it will actually work or be any faster than just waiting a few days to pick up the packages myself. Disappointing. I've been using Amazon Prime for years but it just got a lot less convenient."
"angie durst says:
I have been buying on Amazon for years now, and have always been very please with the products! I recently purchased an item. Received it and had a piece missing. I paid $30 more for this purchase to get the piece that I didn't even get. I then go back and check the product page and see that the piece is pictured as it all comes together but does not mention it in the description. This seems very deceptive to me. I paid $103.35 with free shipping for this when everyone else is selling for $70-80 with free shipping. I looked at the product page today and the price dropped to $69.99 free shipping. I then contacted the seller. They said they were not aware the piece was pictured, they didn't create that particular product listing. I can send it back for a refund. I have to pay for return shipping and they will refund all money when they get the product back. I am very confused as to why when I have click on the product link from my order page the price and seller has changed 3 times in just a few hours. I have never noticed anything like this before. Am I being paranoid or am I going to be scammed. I really hate that I have to spend more money to send this product back. I would really just like to be refunded the $30 and be done with it. Opinions please?! Thanks!"
"Purchaser says:
A: Don't rely on pictures. ALWAYS read the details. Pictures can be stock and not necessarily representative of the listing details. When you buy an article of clothing, do you expect to get the mannequin pictured? If in doubt, Ask.

B: Prices vary widely at the same time. Click on ""More Buying Options"" and you may see 20 or 30 or more sellers offering the same item with prices all over the place."
"?  Rizzo  ? says:
First of all.... if you did not get what you ordered and do not intend to pay shipping to return it to seller, simply File and A-Z claim as product materially different than from what was ordered. 

Then...chances are you should not even need to return the item.....unless Amazon specifies. 

In order to understand a little more what went down for you, please post the link to the product. 

Sometimes Sellers are unaware that images have changed on Amazon. But this responsiblity to see that you get what you ordered is with the Seller. 

Yes, generally, YOU, AS AS BUYER, are supposed to rely on images. Amazon has instructions for images and oftentimes, Sellers will skew with those images. .... thus making it difficult to buyers. 

I don't know anything about Seller changing three times. Can't figure what you are pertaining to. 

Post the link if you want.... or simply File an A-Z claim with Amazon."
"angie durst says:
Crosman M4-177 Tactical Style Pneumatic Multi-Pump BB and Pellet Rifle

This is the item bought. The scope is the piece missing. Seeing as how the scope is about $30 when purchased separately, I thought that was why the price was $103 instead of the $70-80 everyone else is selling it for!

http://www.walmart.com/ip/Crosman-M4-177-Rifle-Kit-Black/19866093

This is the one that everyone else has pictured for the $70-80. 

In the amazon listing it has sold by so and so and the price. When I click on ""my orders"" from my account, shouldn't it be the the listing of the item I ordered from the person I ordered it from? Why does the seller and price keep changing. When I click on other orders its the price I bought it from the same seller. Make sense?"
"LegoGirl says:
(HELP FORUM PRO)
No, some sellers are just overpricing this. Notice that the item when sold by Amazon (in the ""other buying options"") is in the $70 range.

When you click the product name from your order, it simply takes you to the current product page for that item. Another seller may be in the main ""buy"" position at any given time.

Edited to add: I would expect to get everything shown in the picture."
"?  Rizzo  ? says:
What I see is an image with a scope. Nowhere on the product details does it mention there is no scope. 

Occasionally, as Purchaser indicated, we need to analyze the images, and mostly with stock images. 

But in this case....the image shows complete with scope. Amazon's policy is that images must reflect what a buyer is expected to receive. 

It is not unusual for Sellers to exclude items....seen it too many times. Then, they blame it on the image. If the image is incorrect, a Seller has the obligation to refund if the buyer chooses. 

As LegoGirl stated. you should expect to receive what the picture indicates. Start a claim with Amazon, and see what results. The Seller should arrange UPS to pick up this item."
"angie durst says:
**update**

I sent amazon a message explaining my issue. They submitted a claim on my behalf because the item or details of the item were misrepresented! Thanks again Rizzo and LegoGirl for your helpful replies!"
The trackpad on my MacBook Air is way too sensitive and drives me crazy but I cannot find a way to adjust it. It seems that this is a common problem and I think Apple should do something about it. Anyone else agree?
In order to adjust the tracking speed of your Trackpad, you'll need to navigate to the Trackpad pane of System Preferences. The tracking speed slider is under the Point & Click tab.
I have the same problem and changing the preferences does nothing. It comes and goes and it very upsetting because I can't do anything without it messing things up. I think I'll back out of Mavericks because it never happened in the last 2 years.
Hello everybody, I have MacBook air mid 2011. It's not charging properly. When pluged in whith mag safe adapter, it says charging but it could be freezed at the same % of battery for many hours, and estimated time of charging to full shown will grow up till it will reach 20 hours and freeze. But, it happens not every time, sometimes it charges normally, but mostly not, and when it's fully charged it hold charge perfectly. As well my charger completely died and wont work with any mac now, charging my computer with charger from white macbook now.
Hello, Sorry to hear about your Macbook charging issues. So sometimes it charges perfect and other times it does not? And you mentioned a bad charger? I would start there. Go on Amazon, buy a brand new AC power adapter. They are about $15-20 bucks. Believe it or not these can go bad after time, they are like a miniature-sized power supply for a standard-computer. This would be the easiest, fastest route to try to fix the problem. If, after buying that new adapter that you still have problems, it is most likely your battery. You will have to get a hold of Apple to replace it. Did you buy the three year warranty with your the applecare protection plan? If so, you can probably warranty it through there. You might as well use it if you paid for it! Despite the battery condition, 239 charges is a great deal of charages. And Macbook batteries do not last forever. Macbooks actually use the same type of battery in iPad's and iPhone's/iPod's. They all go bad over time and need to be serviced. I hope that helps.
Reset SMC. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT3964 Choose the method for: "Resetting SMC on portables with a battery you should not remove on your own". If this does not help, contact Apple. Note. Do not let the battery charge run down to 0%. Keep the computer plugged in whenever possible. If you keep the computer always plugged in, make sure that twice a month run it on battery until battery level drops to about 50-40%. Maximize Runtime / Tips for maximizing your battery charge http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1446 More about batteries: http://www.apple.com/batteries/notebooks.html Best.
Yep, my main charger stopped working completely. Now i'm charging with another one, which works with my other macbook, perfectly, but with my MBA, from time to time, it charges but not stable. The thing is that i can not say that it not charging at all, it just charging 50/50, whatever it wants.
and i didn't buy the apple protection plan for 3 years thow((
Will try to reset SMC now. It will not make anything worse?
Same problem here. I did reset my SMC a few times and charging did work again properly, for a few cycles.. Still no definite solution for this annoying problem. Aren't there technicians from Apple with good advice?
Actually yes, i went to apple store, after genius did some tests, he couldn't find an issue, so i left my MBA there for more detailed tests. In around 5 hours he calld me and sugested to change power port board (plate), it was around 37GBP. So next day i bought new charger and took my computer back , and it fixed this issue, its already 2 month and it charging perfectly. But, after all that, he told that he actually didnt found the reason of this issue. All tests shows that everything works fine. Anyway he told that if it will not fix this, i will get a refund and they will took it agait to try find the reason. So it was his thought which appear to be correct. So my suggestion is to bring your computer to apple store and ask to do that.
In around 5 hours he calld me and sugested to change power port board (plate), So you had a dead IO board.
Yeah
I dont know what country your in,....  but IO  board "death" is rather rare, verify you have safe voltage regulation,....there are several things that CAN pass thru even the charging block to cause damage to an IO board.
I'm in UK at the moment, but i'm travelling a lot. And my charger which came with computer completely died, i bought a new one. It should be ok with voltage, but indeed apple genius told that it's really strange issue that they didn't know where and how it came from.
When using mission control, safari windows do not stay in the "space" I put them. When I restart my computer, all the windows are in one space. How do I make them stay put?
When you open another program while in a full screen program, the programs will change position to be next to the other. As for restarting, they are reordered based off of which ones relaunch and open the fastest, which cannot be avoided. Luckly it is easy to rearrange these by dragging them in mission control.
No, reading around, it's a Mavericks glitch , bug or whatever you want to call it Alas it happens to a lot of people , including myself
I found what is causing the problem, and solved also the other problem I had with locking the screensaver in System PreferencesVery simple, now that I tried everything for days I used a different password for my keychain If I use the same one for both my login and the keychain everything goes back in place and works! 
How do i erase my hard drive completely and start like its brand new?
Connect the computer's original thumbdrive, restart with the Option key held down, click on the thumbdrive, open the Disk Utility in the Utilities menu, erase the internal drive, and install a new OS.
1. Boot from your OS X Installer flash drive. After the installer loads select your language and click on theContinue button.  When the menu bar appears select Disk Utility from the Utilities menu. 2. After DU loads select your hard drive (this is the entry with the mfgr.'s ID and size) from the left side list. Note the SMART status of the drive in DU's status area.  If it does not say "Verified" then the drive is failing or has failed and will need replacing.  SMART info will not be reported  on external drives. Otherwise, click on the Partition tab in the DU main window. 3. Under the Volume Scheme heading set the number of partitions from the drop down menu to one. Click on the Options button, set the partition scheme to GUID then click on the OK button. Set the format type to Mac OS Extended (Journaled.) Click on the Apply button and wait until the process has completed.4. Select the volume you just created (this is the sub-entry under the drive entry) from the left side list. Click on the Erase tab in the DU main window. 5. Set the format type to Mac OS Extended (Journaled.) Click on the Security button, check the button for Zero Data and click on OK to return to the Erase window. 6. Click on the Erase button. The format process can take up to several hours depending upon the drive size. Steps 4-6 are optional but should be used on a drive that has never been formatted before, if the format type is not Mac OS Extended, if the partition scheme has been changed, or if a different operating system (not OS X) has been installed on the drive.
I dont have a flashdrive or disk
If you've lost yours then you can purchase a replacement from Apple
There is no way to connect a FireWire drive or use target disk mode with a 2010 or earlier MacBook Air model, such as the one Catherine has. On newer MacBook Airs, it's done through the Thunderbolt port.
How many MB does a photo take and how many GB does an average movie take?
Photo size depends on the resolution and quality. An uncompressed 16 megapixel image right off a DSLR camera can be 10+ MB. Meanwhile a standard JPG from an iPhone or other 8 megapixel camera is usually 1-5 MB depending on the content of the photo. For movies, it depends on the duration, resolution and quality. As a rough guide, a high definition, feature-length (2+ hours) movie purchased or rented from the iTunes Store is about 4-5 GB (a standard definition version is about half that). Videos shot on a consumer camera or iPhone will typically be smaller than that.
average photo is 15mb. averge std. movie is 700MB. 1080P high def movie averages 1.5GIG
Is fingerprint security available in iPad 3
An app may be available, but it is not functional as there is no fingerprint reader on any iOS device.
The apps that offer "Fingerprint unlocking" are all just phoneys. The iPad Screen responds purely to tactile contact, and cannot distinguish one fingerprint from another. Save yourself time and money; for proper security, just whack a passcode on the iPad
I'm running Outlook for Mac 2011 and my office reminders keep popping up even after I've dismissed them.  Additionally, I'm also sending out new invites to meeting attendees, etc. apparently.  It's something with the calendar syncing with the iPhone I think but am not sure how to fix / stop it.  Help?
Outlook is a Microsoft product, not an Apple one. You will get better and faster help by posting on Microsoft's simialr forums here: Office for Mac forums Those forums have the advantage in that MS employees from their Macintosh Business Unit often provide answers to posts. You, like many others, been misled by counterintuitive forum labeling to the forum for iMacs made before 2006; they cannot run Office 2011, so I'm asking the Host to move your post to the forum for current generation iMacs.
I support a lot of clients who use Outlook 2011.  My first suggestion would be to clear the cache for your calendar in Outlook.  It's easy.  You do this by right-clicking your calendar(s) and selecting "Folder Properties".  When the Properties window opens, click the Empty button under the Empty Cache section.  This will clear your local copy of the calendar, and make Outlook download a fresh copy of all of your events from the server.  I see this a lot.  It's a synching issue in Outlook 2011.  You can do this with all of the folders in Outlook (mail folders, contacts, etc).  It's advisable that all users of Outlook 2011 do this frequently with large folders if they're on Exchange, Kerio Connect, or IMAP accounts.  Outlook 2011 has some nice features, but I prefer Mail, iCal, and Address Book over Outlook 2011.  They don't get corrupted, and they don't crash a lot if a user has a lot of email content.  I hope this helps.  I didn't want to redirect you some place else.  The Microsoft forums have been a lot of help for me, but as an Apple Consultant, I've had to learn a lot about Outlook 2011 since it first shipped in Oct. 2010.  It's really just a remodelled Entourage.  It's still prone to the same old database problems that Entourage had, which is why I won't use it.
When I right click in Outlook Calendars nothing comes up.  Is there another way to get to the properties?
You may not be right-clicking in the right place.  After you click Calendar in the bottom left side bar in Outlook, you will see your calendar list just above with all of the categories listed below your calendar.  Right click Calendar there.  If this fails to fix your problem, I would also suggest deleting your account, and then re-adding it.  This will also clear the folder caches from Outlook.  This happens a lot on Exchange accounts, Kerio accounts, and IMAP accounts.  This is one of many reasons why I won't use Outlook.  It just seems too error prone.
For some reason when I click on calendars I don't get the menu you show above but another that doesn't have the folder properties as an option.  How would I delete the account?  I think I need to go that route.
Please send a screenshot of what you do see.  What kind of account are you setup with?  Exchange?  IMAP?
KTG Howie, I'm with you on avoiding Outlook 2011. I'm having a ton of trouble converting from Apple Mail, ICal and Google Calendar over to Outlook for Mac 2011 because my company needs me to be on their Exchange server so that I can see my teammates calendar avail, and I haven't figured out a way to do this on iCal or GoogleCal.  Outlook 2011 sounded good, but now that I'm into the conversion of data and Outlook is crashing like every 10 minutes, I'm wondering if it's worth it.  I wanted to have everything in one place, but I can't find a way to get all of my personal calendars transferred and now Hostway tells me that I probably need to reinstall Outlook (either a bad profile, I didn't install it right or I have too much data on the server.  Who knows?  That's all I know is that I have reminders showing up from 2008 now and emails that I've deleted, keep showing back up.  Ready to chuck it.  KTG Howie, any idea if there's a way to set up iCal with Exchange so that I can see my team's availability without needing Outlook?
Within Outlook, go to the File menu.  Scroll down to Folders, and then to the right for Properties.
Starting with Snow Leopard, the Mac supports Exchange natively. There should be no reason why this wouldn't work unless there is an unusual Exchange implementation at your office, or it's older than Exchange 2007.  It sounds more like you have bad IT guys with no creativity more than anything.  My experience with Outlook 2011 has been dismal.  If I was to state exactly what I think about it, I would probably get banned from this forum.  It is the WORST choice for business email.  It does not handle large mailboxes very well, and it constantly gets out of synch with the server.  It's horrible.
Solved (If using an exchange server and a smartphone): Pull up calendar on your iPhone/smartphone and Outlook. Delete the event on Outlook, and Decline/Delete the event on your phone at the same time. Worked great for me and a co-worker.
I've actually deleted Outlook from my Mac and the reminders are STILL coming up. Now what?
This was very helpful, thank you.  However, by clearing the cache it got rid of all of my existing calendar appointments.  is there a way to get those back or do I need someone to resend them?  The appointments currently live on the exchange server and I can see them in my GoodLink app on my iPhone, they are just missing from Outlook calendar.
Very helpful.  This fixed the problem with too many holiday notifications.
Hmmm....I had this issue.....tried clearing the cache (which does clear everything out....I assume the downloading will bring things back!)...but added a new appt, & sadly the old one popped up as another reminder again. So doesn't look like it worked for me :-( I use blackberry, & that does NOT have the appt...nor does our outlook web access....so it is hidden somewhere else :-( Welcome any ideas !
Did you get a solution to this issue? I also uninstalled outlook and have office reminders keep popping up.
Since installing Maverick my computer is very slow, something I'm not used to. I did read that WORD is creating problems but just openning applications takes forever. I've cleaned my Mac and run a number of "fix-it" programs-all indicate all is well!
Delete ALL 3rd Party Cleaning and Fix it utilities (they often cause more problems than they claim to fix) and Re-Install Mavericks.
Make sure you uninstall all these types of apps by going to the developer's website to find instructions on how to correctly and completely uninstall these types of apps.
Anybody else having the problem of the 323MB or however much it is taking forever to download & then once it does it WILL NOT INSTALL??! It's almost like it's on a loop for me!! It says "Preparing to install..." & WON'T!! It just starts downloading over again!! Done this 4 times & getting **bleep**! So much for buying a launch release huh?!
Sorry to hear, my update downloaded pretty quickly, the whole process of downloading and updating took about 5 minutes.
Are you on wi-fi or wired connection?
WiFi, 802.11n.
What is your connection speed? I have 6 MB, but my PS4 says dl rate is around 3 MB. PS3 has full speed though
I have Comcast HSI, the Blast! Tier, 50 Mbps down and 10 Mbps up.  I'm not sure what my download speed is on my PS4.
I did a few speed tests, and the speed is indeed slower on my PS4 than my other devices, about 20 Mbps down, and 1 Mbps up, on my other wireless and wired devices I get 55 Mbps down and 11 Mbps up.
I know it's new, but I guess Sony needs to get the kinks worked out in their servers.
Definitely, they've done some work on them already, but there is obviously still a good bit left to do.  I forgot to note too, my Router, a  Netgear R6300 is in the same room as my PS4.
Are you from Canada? Does your install stop around 72% and you get an error su-30631-3? I had that problem. Tried every possible solution. Sony is going to send me a box tomorrow, and I'm sending it in for service. I wish I didn't have to. Not sure why it's having such a hard time with this update. Anyway, good luck with your issue!
"update 1.51 will not complete on my PS4.. i just got it out of the box.. and have been ""trying"" for now 1.8 hours to download update.
It tells me it times out.. I have sent Nasty responses to PS4 as they are morons.
I have downloaded this update so many times now without completeing i am over 1000mb downloaded..
But the MORONS don't acrew download.. MORONS!
I can't even sign in PSN...What i don't get is how MORONS get to work for Companies?..
MORONS need to make people happy when the MORON messes up.. and the new user who traded inall his Xbox360 games and system to return to PlayStation.. encounter emotionally mind numbing situation.. that is his first experience wit Playstation.
If Morons wont create a save_file to accrew update after being continually Terminated for ""time out"" reasons..
Maybe moron who set Time Out needs to be fired.. because Moron.. requires the consideration of latency.. and massive attempts to download at once will increase that window.
Sony please fire these Morons.
http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/3114673483
I just did this speed test 9.0+mbps download and 2.0+mpbs upload.
So.. when i call Sony MORONS i am being very .. reserved.
"
"Hi,
If you are having issues trying to download the new system update, you can try updating using a USB flash drive.
The details are in this article here:
http://us.playstation.com/support/systemupdates/ps4/index.htm
If you have issues updating with a flash drive, make sure it is formatted for FAT32.
Thanks,
U--J"
"Thank you i will try.
I posted below that the link does not work? 
So i don't know if you read above my comment about MORONS.
But i think a quick google search will reveal the nature of MORON.
As.. i am ..posting issues.. and the ""help"" isn't even finished coding.. yet providing the solution.
I really don't want my PS4 anymore.. i bought it today and now i am over 2hours of sitting here doing nothing on my day.. off..
I don't know if you know, what its like having a family and having a very limited window of oppertunity of personal leisure time and how.. when something doesn't work.. that should.. and the help that should help can't.. and what help is offerred fails..
Do you understand how.. this situation can create a sense of disharmony.. and in this disharmony .. the friends/aquaitences/family/co-workers.. all will hear about what has happened.. how long it has taken.. and so forth.
What are you at Sony.. going to do to make this better."
"http://dus01.ps4.update.playstation.net/update/ps4/image/2013_1117/rec_818a99ff70ce3193aeab3e9516037...
This is where download now takes me.
Is Sony looking to higher web developers? Because you guys arn't testing your links"
It works fine, save it to the drive, you are probalby trying to open it instead.  I would also suggest two other things, one, don't refer to people as "morons" when seeking help, and two, hit the Spell Check button once in a while.  :smileywink:
"Please inform me.. i guess i am wrong.. I click Download now... it bring me further down the page to another click here to download link.. that link brings me to the page of copied and pasted.
So..?... I am using a MAC.. is that the issue?"
It could be, I'm on Windows 8.1, when I click on that link a prompt comes up asking me where I want to save the file. I'm not sure how Mac's deal with it.
"Yes, please try downloading the system update on a PC and follow the instructions in my previous post above.
Thanks,
U--J"
It does sound like it is opening the link instead of downloading the link.
I'm sort of having the same problem. Up until today my ps4 has been very quick with updates, but while trying to install the new system software my download time has ranged from 4-7 hours. Then after about 30-45 minutes into the download i get an error code SU-30625-6 saying it cannot complete the update. I've check my connection and everything is fine, but this is the third time i've waited almost and hour for and error code.
Up until today my ps4 has been very quick with updates. However while trying to install the new system update my installation time has varied from 4-7 hours, and then maybe 30-45 minutes into it i get an error code saying the update cannot be complete. I've checked my connection and it's at 100%. This is the third time now I've sat around and waited about an hour for an error code. Is anyone else having this problem?
"
I got SU030634-6 for the update I downloaded via my laptop to a USB drive, and a SU-30645-8 error 3x's for the download via the console.  I've tanked 2 hours, and am overly frustrated.  It looks like the file I downloaded from PSN only downloaded 680M of the 902M required.  Console is now downloading what I hope is the remaining 300M file...but then I got a corrupt message.
Would be great if Sony provided some easy to find assistance!!!"
Same here. It keeps failing to install and dl is like 100kbps. 
"My PC is downloading that file fine...2 minutes to download 859mb.
Good job PSN!
...you should write this solution is a PC only..."
Figured it out. If download is really slow. Just start over by deleting the download. You will eventually get it a good server and it will download really fast and then install will work.
Everyone having this problem:  It will show "Preparing to install" in your notifications forever until you actually go into System Settings and manually update the System Software there.  I think a lot of you expect something that says "Preparing to install" to actually finish on its own, but you're being too logical for Sony's software engineers.
"Hi lawlnicoleface,
Were you installing the update directly from your console? Can you update from a USB flash drive?
Thanks,
U--J"
Anyone else having the issue of the update taking forever? My ps4 is hooked up directly to the ethernet and it says 6 hours left. This is ridiculously long.
Yes...I showed 3 hours...I get to about 180/323 MB and then time out. I just got my PS4 today...so who knows when I will get to use it
Wow, that's crazy! The entire update process took me about 5 minutes, including download via WiFi.
Anyone tried a wired connection instead of wireless connection as soon as I used wired connection update installed fine hope this helps anyone else having trouble
my PC still claims to be downloading the update extremely slow.  Saying it will take hours, days, or even no estimate at all.  Why is this U--J?
"PS4 Crashing since updating to 1.51
I had zero issues runnig firmware 1.50, but since  updating to 1.51 I find that every game I have tried to play crashes at indeterminate times.
I can be simply looking at leaderboards, or in the middle of playing a level and the system will completely freeze.
The only way out of it is to remove the power cord.
Is anyone else seeing this issue? Any news on a workaround?"
Same problem here. Had no issues with 1.50, but since the update to 1.51 I've had the system hard lock in the middle of a game three times where the only thing I can do is unplug the system to shut it off since it doesn't respond to any input.
I really would like to know why the update download is so slow on PC and my PS4...
Okay so I haven't gotten an error code yet but it has been downloading for the last 2 hours and the status bar is almost at 50% but it still says 4 hours left. Hopefully when I get home from work it will be done, if not I'll try to download it on my PC. I excepted something like this to happen after launch but I just really hope sony gets it together soon.
"Hi Swordslice205,
There could be issues connecting to PSN due to the amount of people trying to update at the same time.  (https://support.us.playstation.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2185)
Some users have shared some suggestions earlier in this thread, that may help:
    HALFnHALF007 added ""Anyone tried a wired connection instead of wireless connection as soon as I used wired connection update installed fine hope this helps anyone else having trouble""
    rydordie suggested ""Just start over by deleting the download. You will eventually get it a good server and it will download really fast and then install will work.""
Thanks,
U--J"
I am having the same problems.  I have tried everything I can think of.  I tried downloading via PC and it said 12 hours.  Tried downloading both via ethernet and wifi and both say 3-6 hours.  I have tried cancelling and restarting several times as well.  Had a friend in the same area download the update on his PS4 and it took 4 mins.
Are people still having problems downloading the update?  Still unable to download it.  Really slow......
"Still an issue for me...
AT&T for me
"
I have AT&T as well.  Internet on CPU works fine but not so much on PS4 right now....
Comcast HSI here (Blast, 50/10), and I did the update in about 5 minutes, including the download part. Also, I downloaded Knack in about 35 minutes tonight.  I am guessing some people are getting routed through very congested peering points.  Does anybody have the IP addresses of the Sony servers?  If we had those, we could all run Traceroute's and see what they show.
any suggestions?
I am going to see if I can find out the IP addresses for the PSN, post them, and then have people run traceroutes to see where the problems are.
SURE WOULD BE GREAT IF PLAYSTATION GOT BETTER SERVERS
I just think they didn't anticipate the amount sold, pre orders and release day orders in North America were over 1 million, breaking records. I'm not excusing anyone, I just think it caught them off guard.
I take you are having problems as well?  Who is your ISP?  I am on AT&T...
"I am having a similar issue. The 1.51 download is taking anywhere from 4 to 7 hours. I've tried deleting and restarting the download several times, but each time I get the same time estimate. I've tried downloading the update on my PC, but that download takes just as long and times out rather quickly.
My PS4 is wired to my router, and doing a speed test on my PC shows no slow down what so ever. My brother, who lives in the next town over (and who uses the same ISP, AT&T) downloaded the update in a few minutes without issue. Other, large downloads from varous sources work fine. It's only when I try downloading the 1.51 update from ""dus01.ps4.update.playstation.net"" that I get a terrible connection.
This is by far the worst thing about the PS4. Sony's servers and load balancers are terrible.
"
"I am having the same issue as everyone else. Exceptionally slow download speed on PS4, even slower download speed when I try to download via PC.
I have unplugged the camera accessory and even switched from wifi to wired connection to my router.
I live in Indiana.
Does anyone know where the PSN servers are located? Their location may lead to the key some of us are having. "
I'm in Redwood Valley in Northwestern Califonia, it's 120 miles northwest of SF in rural Mendocino County. Maybe that is part of the issue too, rural vs suburban and urban.
"I'm having trouble with attachments. When I select a document to attach, in either Word (doc) or pdf, sometimes the whole file opens in the body of the document, instead of just appearing as an attachment icon.  I can't figure out why this only happens sometimes...seems to happen more with documents I've scanned in and saved as either Word or PDF files - what might I be doing wrong?
"
"There is nothing wrong. I never understood why Apple Mail shows attachments randomly as icon or inline documents or a mix of them.

If you ctrl+click the PDF or Word document you should be able to choose from the menu, show as icon.

 
If you want to permanently show the attachments as icons, close Apple Mail, open Terminal and issue the following command

"
"Thanks Alberto. That worked a treat. Attachment Tamer was my solution but with the latest version of Mail it was disabled due to incompatibility. Why Mail has not got this option in Preferences I have no idea.
"
"Thanks for that!!  It has always been bugging me!!
"
"This solved my problem, thanks very much. been bugging me for ages.
"
"how do I open Terminal?  Sorry, my total ignorance...
"
Look for Terminal in Applications, or Applications>Utilities, double click on it.
"thanx  a million

"
Glad I could help!
"Hi

 
this bugs me too, so switched to outlook for mac but that doesnt sync with icloud contacts aaaggghhh!

 
Anyway, tried what you suggested and it worked, however, things like jpegs, pngs etc in email signatures now appear as attachments not pictures.

 
Is there any format that can be excluded?

 
Thanks
"
"How do you reverse this command in Terminal?

I did it on my bosses computer and now she doesn't like it.

 
Thanks.
"
Close Apple Mail, open Terminal, copy and paste the following command
"Perfect.

Thank you.
"
"Excellent solution.  If anybody else wants to solve the problem permenantly they need only copy Alberto's command above in full and paste it on terminal, hit enter and poof - it's gone.
Thanks very much.  
"
"Alberto -- Do you know if the terminal command you suggested will work with Maverick? After I applied the command it seems the mailbox still has the attachments in preview.
"
"I'm having the same issue as Stophel. This command does not work with Maverick. Any suggestions??
"
"The command in Terminal works fine but I now have a situation where picture files do not show up as files at the other receiving end. The picture files show as small pictures insted of the file icons and are unreadable and cannot be opened. When I convert to pdf files they go through OK. Anything that can be done about this?
"
" followed Alberto's advice but the problem persists.  What am I not doing? 

I have now cut and pasted his command into Terminal three times, does that matter? 
"
"I have not tried it in Maverick but there are two commands in this thread.

The first one worked great for me.

 
If you want to permanently show the attachments as icons, close Apple Mail, open Terminal and issue the following command

 
"
"That was the command I used.  I cut and pasted it to be sure I got it right.  

I'm using Mountain Lion, Mail version 6.6
"
"Yes, both commands work on Mountain Lion as described, also on 10.8.5.
"
"No, it does not work in Mavericks.
"
"It's not working on mine, for some unknown reason.  I just had an e-mail from a client saying that attachments are still embedded in the e-mail and are faint and distorted.  I have even tried right clicking the attachment and clicking ""view as icon"" but, although it changes in my outgoing e-mail, apparently it still doesn't come out as an icon at the other end.  

This has become an embarassment when dealing with clients.  I never thought I would have anything positive to say about Microsoft but I never had any problems with Outlook.  Can I use Outlook on my Mac?  I think it's worth the cost and effort to change because I can't see any benefits from using Mail.  

[Looks like I'm getting bitter]
"
"Maybe there is a misunderstanding. That command changes the way Apple mail displays attachements on your Mac and not how they are displayed on others computers.

 
If your not satisfied with that program you can certainly adopt Microsoft Outlook for Mac as an alternative.
"
"Thank you.  You have been most helpful.  

I must admit I am more concerned with the quality of information I give to clients than how it looks to me.  

I will probably have to revert to Outlook though it seems to me that, from my experience of Microsoft Word on my Mac, Mac versions of Microsoft applications are inferior to PC versions.  I thought I was getting something special when I bought the Mac, but over the last six months I have been disappointed with every application I have used.  
"
"I entered this command and it turned my attachments into attachment icons but it also turned the photo on my signature into an icon!  Can I now undo this command in Terminal or do I need to put a more specific command in Terminal?  Please help, my business needs my photo in the signature! 
"
"If you read through the thread you'll also find the command to reverse it.
"
"This is what I found after re-reading the thread: 

 
""I have not tried it in Maverick but there are two commands in this thread.

The first one worked great for me.

 
If you want to permanently show the attachments as icons, close Apple Mail, open Terminal and issue the following command
"
This one
"I installed the new free Magic Jack app on my iphone 4 and Ipad 2. THere are 3 choices you can make to start a call. since I once had a magicjack, I chose to use my existing number. It made me sign in which I did and it used the phone number I had. The call worked fine. The problem is that my subscription to my magicJack expired, so i decided I wanted to remove the app and start over using whatever number they wanted to use and just make outgoing calls. After uninstalling and reinstalling the app, it no longer gives me a choice and always asks me to sign in. Magic Jack has obvously parked some info somewhere on the iphone to know I had already logged in, and no matter how many times I uninstall the app, it stays the same.

 
How to I get rid of it once and for all so it appears it is a new install without having to restore the iphone or ipad?
"
"You have NOT made any error in your uninstall/install procedure !!

 
Currently there is NO way to get rid of it and allow a new install, but Magic Jack is aware of the concern and is seeking to address it as quickly as possible.
"
"To completely remove an App and all of its settings, do this: Delete the app on your phone. Then delete the app in iTunes, when prompted, move all files to trash. Empty your trash. Then sync your phone. The app and all of its data & settings will be gone. 
"
"That is the correct normal procedure... but IT DOESN'T WORK with MagicJack App on iPad.

 
Currently once you install MagicJack App on your iPad, that iPad and whatever email account you used to register are LINKED together and you CANNOT do a clean install.  

 
After any reinstallation (yes, even after deleting the app from iPad AND computer AND emptying trash/recycle bins AND clearing caches AND restarting computer) the application will go directly to a login screen and require the email account and login info from the original installation.

 
I have not yet tried the full backup and restore option on an iPad (with 50+ Gb it will be an all day project) but tech support from MagicJack have confirmed that it will always revert to the Login screen after an installation and that their engineering department has been alerted. They would not say WHERE the link is (hidden on the iPad ?? or at their server ??) but there is apparently SOME link that is not broken by removing the app.

 
Sooooo - while the app functions well and may be a great time and cost saver.... if buying or selling a used iPad please consider that until a fix is provided, only the first Magic Jack app installation info can be used. 

 
You cannot start fresh and (currently) you cannot even change the email address originally used for login !!!

 
Hopefully an update and fix will be forthcoming soon. 

 
This info applies to the MagicJack app as installed on an iPad (the icon says TALK FREE ) from the Magic Jack company. 
"
"I have the same problem -- and I'm not even sure that a restore will fix it.  I'm beginning to think it keys off the serial number of the device.

 
If I go to my account on the magicjack site [I have had a hardware magicjack for nearly two years], the assigned number shows up as another phone number my account, and there is no button to delete or change it.  Doesn't matter if I delete the app from the itouch -- the account phone number still shows up on their website.

 
The mistake I made when I installed it on my itouch was that I didn't use my existing magicjack number, so I got a goofy star-num-star number assigned -- and I can't get rid of it.  When I installed it on my ipad, that time, I used my existing number -- and it works fine.  Called parties see my normal magicjack number, and [as long as I have notifications turned on in the ipad], calls to my magicjack cause both my wired phone and the ipad to 'ring'.  I can get voicemail from the ipad just fine too.

 
I just can't re-install it on the itouch with my correct number.

 
I even tried a 20 minute 'chat' with the help[less] line, and all they kept saying was that they couldn't delte the account once created.

 
It's just as bad as how they handle user names -- if you mis-type or use a false name when you first sign up with a hardware magicjack [if you were thinking of maybe not keeping it] -- doesn't matter -- you are stuck with it.  They say they can't change that either.

 
The only way to make a change appears to rely on buying new hardware -- a new hardware magicjack to change your account info, or a new ipod/itouch/ipad to let you do a clean install.
"
"Ditto: same problem.

Trying to log in with your real/paid account gives you an error: ""Your device is not on this account""

Evidently I am being punished for doing the ""free trial"" on the iPhone first.

 
After an hour on the magicJack techsupport chat, which I would say is exceedingly patient, I gave up.

They never even got close to offering a solution - they just kept going around in circles asking the same questions.

 
What a pity: it's a nice app.
"
"I am also having the same problem...

 
I have installed Talk Free MagicJack from iTunes on my two iPhones and I selected my current MJ Phone number with my userid and password but it did not work at all. Both iPhones are saying connecting but cannot dial out, however, when calls come in then iPhone rings with caller id display with Close and Answer button but when I pressed Answer it doesn't do anything. I cannot even dial out from both iPhones either. I have removed and re-installed MJ Talk Free apps several times on iPhones but it still does not work. 

When I select Account on my MJ Talk Free app on my iPhone and then tap on Advanced and then tap on Forget me on this device, this feature is not working at all also.

 
I had my MJ phone number Call Forwarded to my land line phone and this worked perfectly fine for the past 6 months without any problems, but this stopped working after installing MJ Free Talk on my iPhones. The moment I forwarded my # to my iPhone app the incoming/outgoing calls on my landline were affected and were stopped. I am talking to MJ Live Chat Support for the past 3 to 4 days but they keep saying I will get advice via EMAIL from their TOP Engineers regarding Call Forwarding and I am still waiting. They keep giving me answers in circles. I don't use my MJ connected to my PC to send or receive calls but rather I have magic jack forwarded to my landline (FreePhoneLine.ca) with LinkSys PAP2T adapter.

 
I don't care if this MJ Talk Free works or not, I have decided not to use this feature. There is so many free Talkatone and netTalk available that work perfectly.

 
"
"Guys,

 
The Problem is not from the apple device. I know the problem but not yet figure out how to fix it. When you go to my.magicjack.com and logic in with your e-mail and password then go to My Subscriptions, You will see you I-Device (Iphone or Ipad) is listed there. 

We need Magic jack customer Service to remove them from that list to be able to access using another account. 

Please let us know if you find a way to remove this list. 

 
Regards

Khalid
"
"Hello Khalid,

 
How do I remove my two iPhone listed there in my account and I have been asking MagicJack Tech support three times but they are telling me that it is not removable. 

 
If you know how to remove step by step without loosing my phone numbers and current old settings which I have then please guide me.  Right now the new settings with my iPhones doesn't work and forwarding calls also stopped.

 
I removed Talk Free app from one of my iPhone and Talk Free app is still installed on the other iPhone but I cannot dial out or receive call when it rings.

 
If anyone has same problem or know how to fix it then please help.

 
Thanks,

JR
"
"I have NOT NOT tried this method... Please try it and let me know...

 
Remove and Delete the MagicJack from the Iphone

 
Then,

 
In my.magicjack.com Subscription Devices ... My device is Called ""Khalid's IPhone"" which is the name listed in I-Tune.

 
Try to connect to I-Tune and Change I-Device name from the menu in the left side...

 
Download MagicJack again and Check..

 
Let me know
"
"Hi Khalid,

 
Thanks for your advice.

 
My answer for your tip is not working. There is something to do with Talk Free MagicJack App.

MagicJack support is suck and keep giving me false information and making me running around.

 
Thanks,

JR
"
"Hi, any one with news info from magicjack tech?
"
"Nothing -- despite how much time you are willing to waste with the mj non-magic non-help non-support line.

 
I can't believe Apple would allow an app that can't be un-done -- but that's exactly what this appears to be.

 
What happens if you sell your iphone/itouch/ipad?

 
It sure looks like the new owner would wind up with the account you created for that hardware, yes?

 
Talk about security!  Perhaps we should start complaining to Apple instead of mj.
"
"I'm fairly certain you could fix the problem by going to Settings>General>Reset>Erase All Content and Settings.

You can then go through the process of setting your phone up as a new device. Do NOT restore your backup! You will need to re-sync all of your data, apps, and media. You will LOSE ALL in app data in the process.

 
It ain't pretty, but it should do the trick.
"
"I don't think so.  I think it is keying off the hardware serial number.

 
Recall, the account info shows up on the mj website when you create it, it doesn't go away when the ios device is off line, and the mj 'help' line will tell you that they cannot delete it once created.

 
This is not your ordinary app.
"
"I'm pretty sure that is a bad idea and will not fix it.

I cannot say for certain, but that is my hunch.

 
Through observation: the app appears to have a conversation of sorts with a MJ server prior to throwing the username/password prompt. Unfortunately, this happens in an SSL session, so you cannot observe the contents. 

Speculation is that it is feeding the iPhone's device Serial Number (or something similar that you cannot change), doing a database lookup on it, and deciding it is already registered on account X... the rest we all know.

It is not based on the device Name - changing that has no effect.
"
"Hi guys 

 
 
I have the same problem with my MJ app 

 
So the problem is as per a agent from MJ they said that they take our ipod / iphone / ipad ID into they database, so they are unavailable to deleted it. cuz this is one bussiness political. 

 
however if someone find a way to get loggin from other any other  MJ account pls advises us. 

 
Ty. 
"
"Tech Support from MagicJack don't know anything about how to troubleshoot or taking any complaints at all. Now they are in public trading stock market and must fix their end of the big problem. My ****** MagicJack don't even work, don't forward any calls, doesn't work on my two iphones and don't even rings. I cannot remove my iPhone registered subscriptions from my MagicJack account. I cannot remove completely MagicJack out from my iPhones and iPad. What a ****** apps and I don't understand why Apple allowed this kind of buggy application on their App Store.

 
Its been more then two weeks and still waiting from their Engineer response. I am missing so many important calls.

 
Keep filing complaints to MagicJack and please don't forget to post if Call Forwarding and iPhone Apps is started to work.

 
Thank you kindly for the response.
"
"IT'S WORKING!

 
Not sure if this options has been here all along or if it's something new, because I just downloaded the app today and chose the FREE option to test it out.  Then discovered this blog when I too was having trouble re-registering with my magicjack number.

 
So here is what I was able to do:

 
Login to my.magicjack.com.  Go to the My Subscriptions tab.  Where it says ""Select your magicJack™ subscription:""...choose your [magicjack] NOT your [magicjack app], and choose Select Subscription.

 
Look for the section that shows you your magicjack device number and the phone number.

THE NUMBER for A############# IS: (###) ###-####
Click the ""Change My Phone Number"" button.  


Where it says ""Select a magicJack subscription from the list to the right."" choose the [magicJack APP Basic], then click NEXT.


This next screen is where you can change from the FREE to your magicJack number.  Where is says 'Select the number you would like to use with this device. If you would like a new number for this device, select the ""Add a new Number for $10"" item from the list.', you will choose your magicJack number (###) ###-####.


Finish out the process and you should be golden!


Good luck!

"
"itguy4hire:

I think you were experiencing (and subsequently resolved) a slightly different issue from what many of us are experiencing.

 
The issue I have is that my iPhone (app) is now bound to a completely different MJ account (me@xyz.com) than my paid-for subscription (me@gmail.com).  There  is apparently no way (which boggles the mind)  to disassociate that device from that account (me@xyz.com) so I can re-attached it to my paid account (me@gmail.com) and then, ultimately, choose to attach my subscription to it.
"
"I agree with you.

I did try troubleshooting tips that listed but we end up paid for the new numbers, which is I don't want.

 
Call Forward feature is working partial but not 100%.

 
If I installed MagicJack FreeTalk on my iPhone then Call Forward doesn't work. I removed iPhone apps then Call Forward is working. iPhone apps doesn't work if I login using my MagicJack userid and a password. FreeTalk doesn't give option to forget this device but still gives me only one menu option for the userid and password and I still cannot remove completely out from my iPhone.

 
I am still waiting for my trouble ticket response from MagicJack.

 
Thanks
"
Complaint	my daughter was so excited to get this suit. after the first meet the stitching came undone by the neckline and all the way down the leg. stitching also came undone by the lower leg around the silicone part of the suit. it stretched out after the first meet she wore it too. she was very disappointed with it. swim outlet gladly let us return the suit in exchange for a speedo suit which she hasn''t tried yet, hopefully it holds out longer than this arena.  we don''t recommend.	Frusterated/Angry	No
Reply?	Bought this suit for a championship state meet.  My daughter was one of two girls I noted wearing an Arena, while others wore other brands.  She said the suit was awesome!  It had a good tight fit, and she attributes to dropping  1 1/2 seconds from its use.  I would definitely purchase this product, in fact, will take a look at all arena wears now.  She stood out, b/c her suit looked best!  Better even than the $300+ dollar ones		No
Reply	This suit was very nice for the price!  We are very happy with it - we measured and ordered exactly to the size chart - we could have went a size smaller just to snug it up a little more but overall it is a good fit--still very tight.  Very happy - lots of swimmers and parents commented on her suit - asking where to find it.  Thanks Swimoutlet.com!		No
Complaint	I purchased this suit for my daughter who is an 11-year old competitive swimmer.  She wore it for prelims of one meet, actually added time to her events.  (I''m not blaming this, necessarily, on the suit, but morning prelims are typically when she achieves her best times).  When she took the suit off, it had several loose threads and the weight of it from retained water was exceptionally heavy.  The suit itself, even when dry, seems "thicker" than other technical suits.  It seemed to absorb the water rather than repel it.  I contacted SwimOutlet and they were really good about a return and immediately credited my account for the return.  The next day my daughter swam in her trusty FSII and was back to achieving best times during her prelims. What I learned from this was that if you''re at this price point, there are better options out there.		No
Reply	Exceeded my expectations.  Good quality...can''t beat the price.  Fits very well...one of the best suits we''ve used.		
Reply	No comment		
Reply	It's an incredible racing suit!  My daughter wore it during CVAL's Championship and got her FW Times and placed top 5 in the finals.		No
Reply	Suit did not perform as expected for my daughter. After one race, it became loose fitting and felt heavy and slow. First experience with Arena - could be a bad suit. Have used Speedo Fastskins with much success.		No
Reply	Our first experience with a tech suit.  We were worried that the sizing guide was incorrect, but it was spot on!  You must measure your child to get the proper fit with these suits.  Sizing is very different from regular competition suits. Arena was a great value.  Saved a lot versus other brands, and it worked great!  Be advised that tech suits are hard to get on; video guide was very helpful.		No
Reply	I got this suit and I absolutely love it! I am about 5''3 and wear a 26-28 in a practice suits and I bought a 24 in this kneeskin.  I couldn''t have been any more happy!  I fits snug and perfect.  I have gone with arena for a while but made the decision to get a different brand one time.  The fitting was weird so I went back to arena and I am convinced that this brand is a very good quality :)  I bought this suit before and right now I am getting another!!  KEEP MAKING GREAT SUITS ARENA :)		No
Reply	This suit was very nice for the price!  We are very happy with it - we measured and ordered exactly to the size chart - we could have went a size smaller just to snug it up a little more but overall it is a good fit--still very tight.  Very happy - lots of swimmers and parents commented on her suit - asking where to find it.  Thanks Swimoutlet.com!		
Complaint	No comment		
Request	Was way to small and sent back		No
Complaint	I really wanted to like this suit but since I have had  multiple knee injuries and surgeries I could not tolerate the extremely tight fit of the leg openings right above my knees. My teammates with much thinner legs were able to wear the suit, but I opted for the regular PowerSkin suit with no legs. Bummer!		No
Complaint	No comment		No
Reply	This suit was very nice for the price!  We are very happy with it - we measured and ordered exactly to the size chart - we could have went a size smaller just to snug it up a little more but overall it is a good fit--still very tight.  Very happy - lots of swimmers and parents commented on her suit - asking where to find it.  Thanks Swimoutlet.com!		No
Reply	Our first experience with a tech suit.  We were worried that the sizing guide was incorrect, but it was spot on!  You must measure your child to get the proper fit with these suits.  Sizing is very different from regular competition suits. Arena was a great value.  Saved a lot versus other brands, and it worked great!  Be advised that tech suits are hard to get on; video guide was very helpful.		No
Reply	Purchased the suit for my daughter as her first true racing suit.  Took her measurements and ordered based on the size chart offered on website.  Suit was a perfect fit.  She could definitely notice a difference in how the water reacted to the suit.  With the combination of training and her suit she was able to shave 2 seconds from her seed time and made the cut she was looking for. She was able to use the suit for 9 swims before she had to retire it.  We will be purchasing a new one at the beginning of next season.		No
Complaint	my daughter was so excited to get this suit. after the first meet the stitching came undone by the neckline and all the way down the leg. stitching also came undone by the lower leg around the silicone part of the suit. it stretched out after the first meet she wore it too. she was very disappointed with it. swim outlet gladly let us return the suit in exchange for a speedo suit which she hasn''t tried yet, hopefully it holds out longer than this arena.  we don''t recommend.		No
Reply	No comment		No
Complaint	my daughter was so excited to get this suit. after the first meet the stitching came undone by the neckline and all the way down the leg. stitching also came undone by the lower leg around the silicone part of the suit. it stretched out after the first meet she wore it too. she was very disappointed with it. swim outlet gladly let us return the suit in exchange for a speedo suit which she hasn''t tried yet, hopefully it holds out longer than this arena.  we don''t recommend.		No
Reply	This was the first time my daughter has worn a knee suit and for the price, this one was great.  We ordered a size 28 (as small a size as I thought she could squeeze in), she''s 5''8 and weighs 140.  It was almost too low cut in the back but a larger size would have felt loose. It provided the inspiration she needed at her high school state meet.  She cut time in all races. 		No
Complaint	my daughter was so excited to get this suit. after the first meet the stitching came undone by the neckline and all the way down the leg. stitching also came undone by the lower leg around the silicone part of the suit. it stretched out after the first meet she wore it too. she was very disappointed with it. swim outlet gladly let us return the suit in exchange for a speedo suit which she hasn''t tried yet, hopefully it holds out longer than this arena.  we don''t recommend.		No
Reply	no comment		No
Reply	I have used this for almost 15 years and nothing comes close to Malibu. I have tried many other products but this works the best for me. I also use it as a body wash after swimming to remove the bleach smell. Great product. 		No
Reply	I use this product after my aqua aerobics class. I love the smell and how it removes the chorine out of my hair. A local swim shop used to carry this product. They began to sell a different brand.  I liked Malibu C so much that I searched the internet until I found it. Thank you Swim Outlet for carrying this product.		No
Reply	i''ve tried them all and found this one while visiting a friend in NY state-can''t find it on the shelves- even my hair dresser says the  chlorine is out!		No
Reply	I use this shampoo after water aerobics. The pool is heavily chlorinated and I was worried about what the chlorine was doing to my hair. This product leaves my hair moisturized and smelling good with excellent body.		No
Complaint	No comment		No
Complaint	I think we got a bad batch because it seems this would be a good suit but a hole developed on first wearing (possibly because my daughter has some hips).  As always, swimoutlet was great in getting a replacement but I did have to purchase a replacement while at the meet.		
Complaint	No comment		
Reply	This suit was very nice for the price!  We are very happy with it - we measured and ordered exactly to the size chart - we could have went a size smaller just to snug it up a little more but overall it is a good fit--still very tight.  Very happy - lots of swimmers and parents commented on her suit - asking where to find it.  Thanks Swimoutlet.com!		No
Reply	no comment		No
Reply	Bought this suit for a championship state meet.  My daughter was one of two girls I noted wearing an Arena, while others wore other brands.  She said the suit was awesome!  It had a good tight fit, and she attributes to dropping  1 1/2 seconds from its use.  I would definitely purchase this product, in fact, will take a look at all arena wears now.  She stood out, b/c her suit looked best!  Better even than the $300+ dollar ones.		
Reply	This suit was very nice for the price!  We are very happy with it - we measured and ordered exactly to the size chart - we could have went a size smaller just to snug it up a little more but overall it is a good fit--still very tight.  Very happy - lots of swimmers and parents commented on her suit - asking where to find it.  Thanks Swimoutlet.com!		
Reply	I think we got a bad batch because it seems this would be a good suit but a hole developed on first wearing (possibly because my daughter has some hips).  As always, swimoutlet was great in getting a replacement but I did have to purchase a replacement while at the meet.		
Complaint	No comment		
Complaint	Was way to small and sent back		No
Reply	Bought this for my daughter, she absolutely loves it!!		No
Reply	Best kneeskin for the money. My daughter can fit 30 but wear 28 but when I bought 26 it fits perfectly. Look great too and have a video to show you how to put it in.		No
Reply	This suit was very nice for the price!  We are very happy with it - we measured and ordered exactly to the size chart - we could have went a size smaller just to snug it up a little more but overall it is a good fit--still very tight.  Very happy - lots of swimmers and parents commented on her suit - asking where to find it.  Thanks Swimoutlet.com!		No
Reply	Excellent suit,  very comfortable swimming, fabulous design, should have bought two.		No
Complaint	Adorable suit. runs a bit small. Go a bit bigger		No
Reply	Super cute design.  Feels true to size.  Color fades pink to white after lots of swims (3 months, swimming everyday). I liked it so much I bought another right away.		No
Complaint	The color and print on this "sweet and sassy" bathing suit are adorable and vibrant and very true to how they appear on screen. For my taste, however, the suit it way too high cut around the thigh area. I would say it runs a tiny bit small, but I do like my bathing suits looser than most.		No
Complaint	I love this suit!  adorable treats on suit.  I had to return and get a size bigger.  I usually wear size 36.. so I ordered a size bigger (knowing that  Sporti brand runs small), and still had to return for a size 40.  I wear a size 8 ladies and am 5;8"  Once sized correctly... LOVE THIS SUIT!!!!!  I also got my daughter one like this in pink.		No
Reply	I am a swim instructor & lifeguard. I teach children & adult classes & thought this would be be great for both. The kids will get a kick out of it as well as many of the senior citizens I teach. I find that anytime I can have a distraction for the kids who are frightened it is a help. I can get them to focus on the cup cakes of cakes slices while they are floating on their backs.		No
Reply	This suit fits very nice. Ordered my usual size.		No
Reply	Great suit		No
Reply	Great fit and excellent price		
In regards to paying back student loans, is it possible to make an extra payment on a specific loan rather than the outstanding balance?
Absolutely! You will just have to specify on your check which loan number you want your extra payment applied to. Or, if you make your payment online, just give us a call or send us a secure email by logging into your account. Also, there are no prepayment penalties on any of our student loan products!
I went to the Atm received my card ,a receipt ,but no money.Iam very upset because I have to wait on a decision to be made and I did not know Wells Fargo did not own the machine.After speaking with a loan officer I thought that everything was taken care of.I was told my money was back in my account and swipe my card again. What I did not know until the next day that my card was swipe twice for the same amount. So how do I tell my bill collectors that I lost my money at the ATM and I have to wait until they decide whether or not this happens. It sounds like the dog  really ate the homework. I was told by an asst.on the phone that:we suggest that our customer have a reserve or maybe a second acct.I do, but I don't have money to cover a mistake or malfunction that was not because of something I've done. I know I will get my money back, but this is just not  the  time of the year for this,I am a single mom with a daughter in college and paying some tuition. I suggest maybe Wells Fargo can add this to their web site. I am sure that I am not the only one that have experience this. Inform your customer what takes place when this happens.I don't know whether they will call me or  who to call? bbeverly1
What is the best way to go about asking for more compensation?
Collect documentation that will provide examples of your work ethic, accomplishments, contributions to the company, etc. These could be thank-you emails from colleagues or supervisors commending you on a great performance or for your extra help with a project, or positive client responses. Show why you deserve more compensation. It might be a good idea to do research as well. What is the average salary for your position in your industry?
The Opelika, Alabama branch has the most HORRIBLE customer service!  We are changing banks.  Has anyone else experienced problems?
Welcome to the community johnkathymitchell,I am sorry you had a bad service experience. Is there anything we can help with?
I tried to get help when the problem was actually happening and NO ONE would listen and help.  I was told..."well, sorry...there is nothing we can do."   So, as people ALWAYS do when ONE bad/negative thing happens to them----I have told SO many people and I will continue (as the old saying goes....when one BAD thing happens, people will tell 10 or more--so, I am DOING THAT)!!!!!  Because NO ONE cared and tried to help me at Wells Fargo and so I am being VERY negative to anyone and everyone.  I am VERY unhappy and I do NOT want people to EVER open a new account with Wells Fargo and those that do have one...I discouraged them from continuing.  I made a VERY honest, simple mistake with my college daughter's NEW account.  We were NOT informed about the error on the account until almost three weeks later and so CHARGES AFTER CHARGES accumulated.  When we were FINALLY informed by Wells Fargo, I was in the hospital having surgery at The University of Alabama in Birmingham and could NOT do anything about it right away.   So, when I returned home, my husband I went to the local branch in Opelika and politely talked to the branch manager and told her about my TOTALLY honest mistake and she just looked at us and said "sorry!"  I know some people do things on purpose and say it was a mistake and I am having to pay for THOSE DISHONEST PEOPLE!!    So, with all of that being said...thank you for offering to help....but, it is almost 6 months since it happened and I have NOT calmed down.  So, I will talk VERY bad about WEllS Fargo for MANY years to come. 
johnkathymitchell,I'm so sorry you went through that experience. I wish you had known about the Community 6 months ago. We certainly would have sought out additional people, at least to see if a different outcome was possible. It does seem to be human nature that it is easier to share negative experiences than positive ones (not sure why we're wired that way, but we are) so I'm sorry you went through this. But we always value feedback of any kind and I'm glad you felt you could voice your experiences here.Thanks for letting us know.
Just keep in mind my opinion about Wells Fargo WILL continue to be voiced in a VERY negative way especially when I did NOT do anything on purpose it was a VERY honest mistake--I am NOT just "wired" that way as you said...I am BEING TOTALLY HONEST!!!.   I am a VERY POSITIVE person----I have a background in administration/customer service and this was NOT handled properly!!! I am NOT done with my complaining to MANY, MANY people!!!   The bank made about $100 from us because of MY mistake, but it is going to COST WELLS FARGO A LOT MORE THAN THAT--because what was TOTALLY MY FAULT...YES MY FAULT and I accepted the blame and told the lady at the Opelika, Alabama branch it was MY fault was a TOTALLY HONEST mistake and I DO NOT want others to be treated the same way!! 
Hi johnkathymitchell, thank you again for taking the time to express your frustration. I hear you.Let me explore some things on my own with regards to your situation and get back to you.
Thank you VERY much.  I will patiently wait on your reply. 
I talked to our social web team and they would like to take a closer look at your request.They have access to this thread so you don't need to repeat yourself, however please email them at socialwebteam@wellsfargo.com with your personal information rather then sharing it publicly so they can follow-up with additional questions etc.
I had to recently cancel my card.  I would like your help.
dwmorris1,Welcome to the Community! What sort of help are you seeking? Can you be more specific so I know how to help you?
I was misinformed at a branch location and charged $25 twice, I then was told that I couldn't get the $50 credit back.
Was it the branch who told you this? It's Sunday, but I can escalate this question to support tomorrow. You can also try the 800# if you want to speak to someone before Monday. It's 1-800-869-3557 available 24/7.Let us know if you'd like us to escalate this on Monday.
I called they said can't refund because late payment . The branch told me interest not late payment . And it's a secure card......my money used ,Can you help?
Hi dwmorris1,Yes. The social web team will most likely need some personal information from you  that we do not want you to share here.Please email them at socialwebteam@wellsfargo.com with your name and email address and I will also let them know why you are oontacting them.If you think of it, come back to the community and share with us the result.
This is a great question I came across on a posting from Yahoo Finance. I know I could live without a credit card but I know other people cannot. It depends on the person, how they value money, and their spending habits. I rather pay with cash or debit, and not have to worry about it later. However, I have friends who pay credit and are still in large amounts of debt.The article* states, "Credit cards also alter a consumer's mindset when contemplating a purchase. A 2012 study published in the Journal of Consumer Research found shoppers who charge an item to their credit card focus on the benefits of the purchase, while those who pay cash focus on the cost."So could you live without a credit card??
I could not. I use a credit card for everything and then pay off my bill right away. But its been a great way I manage what I spend and keep track of my transactions online in one place.
I currently have multiple credit cards that I use primarily to get travel rewards and bonuses; however, I'm 24 and only started using credit cards last year. I had one credit card when I was 16 and was still in college, but I racked up a $3,000 balance quickly. I eventually paid it off and cancelled it because I found that I didn't like the idea of having a credit card at all (and clearly I wasn't responsible enough to have one at that time).Last year, when I realized my credit was low because I wasn't doing anything to build it up (besides paying utility bills and making student loan payments on time), I decided to slowly and carefully start using a credit card again. So I know that I can live without them, but now I understand their value when used carefully and appropriately and trust myself enough to use them well.Admittedly, several recent events, like moving into a new apartment, caused me to misuse my cards a bit and rack up a few hundred dollar balances, with the mindset that I could just "pay it off later". In the beginning of this month, after I pay off the remaining balances, I'll be taking a break from credit cards, and focusing on cash and debit for a while and I think this will help me get back on track with my budget so I don't overspend this month.
Yes, I could live without a credit card.I do like to use credit cards so I can earn reward points.
Hi EmonK, I have not moved to a CC where you can earn points.I was just talking to a friend who has a cc where she can earn points at REI. I wasn't aware of any points programs beyond airlines.Good idea.
I thought it would be fun to start a thread we can keep adding to each day, where you post something you've done today that help improve your finances. It can be big or small, as long as it had a positive effect on your finances.
I'll start. I went around my house and turned off all the power strips not being used or that had appliances attached to them that are turned off.
I bought some much needed work clothes during the Macy's sale. I got some good prices.
When I went to bed I turned off only the essential lights that my roommate would  need when they got home. Typically, I leave more lights on for them so the house looks lived in but I have less toleration for waste these days.
I got chicken for dinner tonight on sale.
I moved some money from my savings account, where I keep my emergency fund, to my stock-based savings account that I treat more like a personal retirement account. It gets a higher yield.
I talked to the IRS about a tax issue that could save me quite a bit of money. I have to admit, I was nervous.
So, I took my own advice from the post What is the best time to buy an airline ticket? and bought my airline ticket on Tuesday for a trip in 39 days Now, I am sure the timing helped with the price [I am never this organized] but I am hoping the Tuesday timing helped to.Maybe I'll look again at the rates on Frday which will still have great timing to see if the rates have changed.
I called the phone company today because there was a mistake on my bill, and I asked if there was a better plan, and there was! They are never going to proactively tell you, you have to ask
Avoid booking your flight on the weekends. Many sales, in which some seats are discounted by 15% to 25% typically, are launched Monday night.Competitors typically match the lower prices Tuesday morning. By Thursday or Friday, many sales have already expired.
This seem like a fun list. Found this article at the Christian Science Monitor, listing 10 things you shouldn't pay for. See what you think of this list:1. Android smartphone (hint - go with last year's model, with contract)2. Phone calls (hint - think Skype...)3. MP3 downloads (hint - Amazon credits or just their free songs section)4. Magazine subscriptions (hint - give up some info and get free subscriptions)5. Books (hint - think free ebooks)6. Entertainment (hint - hulu)7. Kids meals out (hint - check MyKidsEatFree.com)8. Birthday treats (hint - check birthdayfreebies.com)9. Shipping (hint - wait for free shipping deal times)10. Miscellaneous (hint - check Craigslist or Freecycle)
"Banking through a computer is nearly as popular as stopping at a branch. And shopping by phone is nothing new. But mobile banking is relatively new, and consumers are still getting used to the idea. A Federal Reserve survey last November found that only 29 percent of cellphone users had done any mobile banking in the preceding 12 months. Fewer than half of smartphone users had.

Here are some Mobile Banking tips:

1. Be Safe
 
- Use your phone’s keypad lock so others can’t tap into your bank application. 
- Rely on Wi-Fi connections that are encrypted and require a password to use. 
- Know how to report a lost or stolen phone promptly
 
2. Have you lost your phone or was it stolen?
 
Memorize the customer service number to call your wireless carrier (on a borrowed phone) so it can shut down your missing device.

- AT&T: 800-331-0500 
- Sprint: 888-211-4727 
- T-Mobile: 800-866-2453 
- Verizon: 800-922-0204
 
3. Banking Apps

Many banks offer customers a smartphone application that allows users to bank on the run. Here are some common features banking apps offer.
 
- Check account balances 
- Review recent transactions 
- Transfer money between accounts 
- Find a nearby branch or ATM 
- Receive alert when a check clears or as a bill reminder 
- Send money to others 
- Pay bills and make loan payments 
- Deposit a check
 
A survey last November showed far more cellphone users had been to a branch in the past 12 months than had tapped their mobile phones to do their banking.
- Branch: 85 percent 
- Online: 74 percent 
- ATM: 74 percent 
- Telephone: 34 percent 
- Mobile: 29 percentExperts predict that mobile banking in the Middle East and Africa will jump from 19,8 million to 82,1 million users by 2017. Over the last five years the developing world has experienced substantial growth in the adoption of mobile technology."
I use the Wells Fargo app for mostly all of my banking needs, with the addition of depositing checks feature to the mobile app , i would say that i use the app for 95% of my banking needs.To be safe; i always have the phone lock feature and also i never store my username and or password on my mobile , i enter it everytime i use the app. Unlike other apps i always clear out the credentials after i am done using the app.
I do most of my banking online but follow many of the security tips that are suggested for mobile users. I typically just use mobile banking for depositing checks.
If I want to transfer money from my checking account in Europe to my new account in the US how do I know what charges will apply?.Also, for transfers what type of delay should I expect?.
When you meet someone and find out they sell life insurance, do you run the other way?  I think most people do for one reason or another.  Life insurance is just another financial planning tool that you have to look at especially if you are married and have children.  There is one coverage that many people overlook.  It's called "Long Term Care."  I've seen it work as advertised and what happens when you don't have any coverage.   Two different sides of a coin.    I recommend looking into it as an additional option to your general life insurance policy.  Do you run the other way or plan for the future?
I work for Wells Fargo and they have a long term care option in the benefits plan they offer employees.  It is only a few dollars a paycheck, and it makes me feel good to have it.  I also have a term life plan for myself and my husband, so that if  one of us were to pass, the other would not be so stressed financially.
Did you know that there is a new niche market that will pay a person for their life insurance policy. This could be an alternative for those individuals who have had their policies for decades but need the cash and rather then letting it lapse, they can sell it for up to 40%-50% of the value.The companies who do this are called life settlement companies. Interesting.
I feel long-term care insurance is a necessity these days. In my experience, I have had a few friends who were in their 40's and contracted cancer. The insurance covered them while they were too sick to work.
The Wells Fargo mobile banking app keeps crashing on me. I am using version 2.6.1.47 published 10/30/13. I re-installed however the same issues occurs. I login and then it just closes. How can I contact the mobile app group within Wells Fargo to notify them? This has been happening for the past 5 days. Thanks.
Hi Richiebe,Welcome to the community. You will want to contact online banking 1-800-956-4442 24 hours a day, 7 days a weekand let them know what your issue is so they can ensure they have the right person for you to troubleshoot with.If you still having issues, please come back to the community and we'll try something else.
How is a parent loan disbursed? In full? And by check? Or how does it work?
cheesie6878,I reached out to the Student Loan Group and they responded with the following:"The loan funds for a Wells Fargo® Student Loan for Parents are disbursed in full by paper check directly to the primary borrower and not sent to the school. This allows the borrower (presumably the parent or a sponsor) to have control of the loan funds."Let us know if this answered your question and if you have any other questions.Thanks.
Many people seem to be searching for how Wells Fargo can help them when they travel. In addition, we get questions such as Does Wells Fargo have a travel account? What about support from Wells Fargo when I travel abroad?Answer: All the resources and answers you need are on one page here.
 I need to change my e-mail what can I do. Or how can I do it.
To update the email address; log into online banking, click on the Account Services tab then, Update Contact Information.
My toshiba laptop satellite L455-S5000 gets error message F3-F100-0010 when booting to windows 7. . Tried recovery. same error. Tried all options on windows boot. same errorAny help would be appreciated.
At this point, you may want to seek servicing. It may be due to hardware failure.
"My Security Essentials said it found a trojan a couple of days ago and said I had to use Microsoft Defender offline to get rid of it.  So I did and it said it found 2 viruses and 2 trojans.  I thought it deleted them, rebooted and still had issues.  Ran Defender again and again it said it found a trojan. 
 
Then I rebooted and the Security Essentials said it was outdated but would not let me go online and update it.  The computer will not recognize my router ... I know it still works b/c the kids IPods work and it works for my old XP machine (which I'm using now).  So my last attempt, I put McAffee on, used a neighbors unsecured signal to update it and ran a scan ... it did not find anything.  Now it will boot if I select start windows normally ... if I choose the recommended fix option I get the above error message and it turns off the machine once I select enter. 
 
I can boot up the machine and everything looks normal but it will not let me connect to the internet.  Any suggestions? "
have you considered backing up your data and running a recovery? That may be a good option at this point.
No I have not ... I can back up my computer but I do not have the Recovery discs.  My father gave this laptop to me last fall, unfortunately he passed away this winter ... he did not give me any Recovery discs.  I will search his office and see if he made them.  If I cannot find them, what are my options.  Thanks. 
"I'm sorry for your loss, jsg.
 
Most models allow you  to create recovery discs yourself. Because you said you are still able to boot, hopefully you can create the recovery media. In the Start Menu's search field, type ""recovery"" and look for something like ""Toshiba Recovery Media Creator."" There are a few variations on that name depending on model."
I have the same problem.  So here we are on the official Toshiba website asking questions and Toshiba has no answers?  Are we buyers of their expensive products supposed to have this social website where we toss around ideas as to how to fix the products they made?  Why the heck isn't Toshiba on this site helping us solve these problems.  Instead, it's some guy named "Peter"?  Peter is a nice guy to try to help, but this is Toshiba's website and it's supposed to be serving Toshiba customers, yet Toshiba has no official "fix" for this problem?  This is disgusting to me.  Toshiba, get your butt in gear, you are a very disappointing company to me right now. 
I do work for Toshiba, but I'm not a customer support agent. While I don't know what causes that particular error message versus other hard disk error messages, that is usually indicative of a failing drive that needs replacing.
Hey Peter, I am currently working on a friend's son's C655D-S5300 with the exact same error message(F3-F100-0010).  He too had several trojan virus' on the computer prior to this error(looking at websites that a 14 year old should not be looking at).  It seems the error only presents itself if I try to run a MRT scan.  I will be doing a HDD error check when I return home from work today, and will let you know if I find any errors with the HDD itself. 
Sounds good. Thanks!
"jsg88, what trojans did your scan find?  I am currently trying to clean ""Alureon.A"" from this C655D that I am working on.  I am just wondering if this virus is causing this error.  Right now, I am in the process of running ""Windows Defender Offline"", which Microsoft Security Essentials has suggested to remove this virus. 
 Unfortunately, there were no parental controls in place on this computer, so the kid was looking at adult websites, downloading pirated music, installing all sorts of programs for chatting and modding facebook pages, etc.  I have removed all of it.  I just have this one trojan that I know of, and it should be clean.  I will be interested if the F3-F100-0010 error goes away after it is removed.
 jsg88, have you run MRT?  if not, click your start button, and in the search window, type in MRT.  Click on the icon and run a full scan.  It seems to find issues that other programs cannot see."
"OK, it was a pain, but I was able to get rid of the Alureon.A virus.  MRT, MSE, and Malwarebytes all could not remove it.  I searched online and found that kasperky had a program that was known to be able to remove it.  I ran a scan with it, and it successfully removed it from the computer.  Since then, I have not seen the F3-F100-0010 error.  I have a few more issues to resolve on this computer before it goes back to it's owner, so I will let you all know if the error comes back.
 
Oh... I also did an error check of the HDD, and it found no issues."
That's very interesting. Thanks for letting us know. I'll share this information with my team.
OK, 5 days since I got rid of the virus, and no more F3-F100-0010 failure messages.  I have run virus scans, defrags, etc, with no issues.  It seems to be a happy computer once again.  Now I just have to fix the broken hinge mount(typical C655D issue) and it can go back to it's owner.  Hopefully he has learned his lesson, and wont mess it up again!
how can I find trojens if my mcafee protection hasnt detected anything yet I got the same problem like jsg88 help plz
"Click your start button and in the search window, type MRT.  Then click the icon that shows up as a result.  That is the Malicious Software Removal Tool, and it's the only program that I could find that could actually see this Trojan.  Run a Full Scan. 
 
Your system may or may not have a virus.  This is just what I found while troubleshooting the C655D.  It had this error pretty regularly until I removed the virus, then I could not get the error to come back."
I have read several peoples issue with this. I had the same problem with mine too. This morning I ran www.trendmicro.com ~~~free house call~~~ and it stopped coming up. It only took about 10 minutes and problem fixed.
I too was getting this error code when trying to boot WINDOWS 7 on a 64bit machine.  Here is an option I found that worked. Start in safe mode with networking, open your browser and type www.superantispyware.com install the free version and run it.  The machine I was working on had no active virus program and it had become very infected. After running this program I was able to log into Windows normally. I updated the virus protection and have had no more problems.  Good luck.
"I'm Having the same issue with the error message, but had no virus found with my Norton protection. 
It seems to pop up everytime I reboot, unless I start windows normaly and not the recommended way.
My computer works fine, seems a little slower when trying to watch netflix, but the error message itself is very irritating
 
I'm running that MRT full scan, but I was curious, so I can look into it, what kasperky program you used to get rid of it?"
It's called Kaspersky TDSSKiller.  It got rid of it quick and easily.
I have a satellite p875-s7200. When I boot up the computer, I get a system error message before windows launches. when it automatically launches windows 7 recovery the f3-f100-0010 error appears and the computer freezes and is unresponsive and has to be shut down. I've tried pressing f8 before the windows recovery launch. that does nothing. I do not have a recovery disk. any suggestions.
Thank You So Much! I'll give it a try!
I have had this problem for a while. Microsoft Defender -didn't work MRT scan - Nothing My trendmicro antivirus software-nothing Superantispyware- NOTHING I had given up and just learned to deal with the problem but then windows would not update, and my antivirus was disabled somehow. I would not turn on. So I tried trendmicro.com ~~~free house call~~~~~ still nothing and finally...... Kasperky TDSSKILLER- WORKED!!!!!!!!!!!! For the first time in I don't know how long I was able to approach my computer and it started with no error. I think I have finally fixed the problem. Thank you everyone for all the ideas.
I have a Toshiba P845-S4200 -- have only had it a few months.  A couple of months ago we started seeing this F3-F100-0010 error almost every day, usually after the laptop had gone into sleep mode.  Sometimes we would get the windows recovery error as well -- running Windows repair just took you back to the same error.  We could choose Start Windows Normally and finally be able to run Windows.  Then we would sometimes get a random blue screen and have to reboot again.  When we finally had everything running, which seemed to take forever, it would take minutes sometimes for webpages to load as opposed to the seconds it took when we first got the laptop.  I couldn't see anything hogging system time in task manager. I tried Norton scans, system repairs, defragging, nothing helped.  I was on the verge of wiping out everything and reloading Windows with the repair disc when I decided to google this F3 error and found this site.  I tried the Kasperky TDSSKILLER a previous poster recommended, and within minutes everything was back to normal.  Thank you!! I have to agree that it is pretty pathetic that users have to find their own support these days to resolve these kinds of issues.  I work in IT and it's hard enough for me to figure this out -- true support is a thing of the past.  Thanks again to the original poster who posted the true fix for this problem.
DREV9, thanks heaps for the recommendation for the Kaspersky TDSSKiller. I know bupkis about computers, but I know what works, and the Kaspersky cure succeeded where $40 worth of McAfee failed. Thanks for the right answer at the right time. 
DREV9, thanks!!! almost paniced and replaced the HD.  Kaspersky TDSSKiller cleaned the HD right up and things are back to normal.  Updated virus software and things are running smoothly again.  Thank you again!!!
I am having the same issues with the error code and now I can't get the computer to boot up.  I tried it in safe mode with networking and I still can't get it to boot.  How can I get it to boot so I can get the viruses off the computer?
I have the same problem. I can't get on the internet to download or to run anything
"Hi! I think you are dealing with a rootkit. They can be very difficult to get rid off. Most forums that deal with this type of infection recommend reinstalling your OS. Malwarebytes has recently came out with a Beta program.
 
A rootkit is a type of software designed to hide the fact that an operating system has been compromised, sometimes by replacing vital executables. Rootkits allow viruses and malware to “hide in plain sight” by disguising as necessary files that your software will overlook. Rootkits themselves are not harmful; they are simply used to hide malware, bots and worms. Rootkits get their name from the Unix term for the primary administrator account called “root” and “kits,” which refer to the software pieces that implement the tool. To install a rootkit, an attacker must first gain access to the root account by using an exploit or obtaining the password by cracking it or social engineering. Rootkits were originally used in the early 1990’s and targeted UNIX operating systems. Today, rootkits are available for many other operating systems, including Windows. Because rootkits are activated before your operating system even boots up, they are very difficult to detect and therefore provide a powerful way for attackers to access and use the targeted computer without the owner’s notice. Due to the way rootkits are used and installed, they are notoriously difficult to remove. Rootkits today usually are not used to gain elevated access, but instead are used to mask malware payloads more effectively."
I have a repair disc windows 7 64 bit but it doesn't run
I Love my Satellite L775D-S7222 Laptop. Some days you're the windshield, Some days you're the bug. The Computer world is crazy. If you have answers to computer problems, pass them forward.
I didn't get any back up disk or installation disk with my laptop. I didn't know anything about a image disk before this happened
"As a final step, try performing a recovery. As mentioned previously, recovering a laptop to its original, out-of-the-box state is a great way to eliminate software as a possible cause of the problem. Note that doing a system recovery will return the laptop to its default conditions, completely wiping all data, documents, settings, and applications. Remember to backup your data!
 
With the computer turned off, press and hold the '0' (zero) key.
Continuing to hold it, press the power button.
Continue holding '0' until the recovery utility begins.
 
If you have trouble starting the recovery procedure, you may consider ordering recovery media. If the recovery does not fix the problem, your laptop may not be booting due to actual hardware failure. Please contact customer support to set up a repair.
 
The following links provide additional information about system recover media and system recovery options:
 
CLICK HERE for Understanding System Recovery as well as options for Creating / Purchasing Recovery M...
CLICK HERE for steps to performing a System Recovery."
"Hi! If you have not backed up your important files on a external USB, ect. I recommend buying a new HD, ordering the recovery CD's from Toshiba, installing the OS on the new HD, buying a docking station or cable and recovering your data. I know someone is going to start crying and complainning about this reply, but that just the way it is when you don't take the time to create a back up image of your OS on a external USB; you are going to pay the price one day; when you visit know sites that install malware, trojans, ect. As I have stated in this message,a rootkit is very hard to get rid of. Even though I have the ability to remove one myself, I would restore to a back up image that I have made earlier.
Ps I also would not visit those sites where you get these kinds od infections.:smileywink:
Dokie!!"
"Hi! I'm fairly new to this forum; a little less than two months. I have a different attitude than the rest of the advisers here (I'm grouchy). I have been a member on other forums, but this has became my favorite.
This thread is a good example of infections that can really cause you serious problems and then you complain about Toshiba being a piece of junk, when you have not taken the necessary steps to protect your PC. There are excellent features on W7 that provide ways to recover from your mistakes. Toshiba has given you features that allow you to start over and recover from bad decisions. There's a lot more to owning a computer than just knowing where the on button is. Toshiba is tough, but there are things you do that can cause serious problems to your PC. I'm sure there is occasionally a computer that is sold and is a lemon. That happens in every product that is produced(cars TV's,ect). I'm going to get off my stump before I get carried away any further.:smileywink:"
Hi please read this even if you don't read any thing else. This is the reason I would restore a known back up image free from infections or restore back to factory with Toshiba recovery. This kind of infection is very dangerous. Because rootkits are activated before your operating system even boots up, they are very difficult to detect and therefore provide a powerful way for attackers to access and use the targeted computer without the owner’s notice. Due to the way rootkits are used and installed, they are notoriously difficult to remove. Rootkits today usually are not used to gain elevated access, but instead are used to mask malware payloads more effectively.
I DON'T GET THE FACTORY RESET OPTION OR WARNING WHEN I HOLD DOWN (0). iGOT A" INSERT BOOT DISK AND PRESS ANY KEY"
Hi Rodneysr! All models are different and all OS's are different. You need to read your user manual. I have never used the 0 option to restore back to factory. I have used the recovery cd's and was able to restore back to factory. I have sense created a flash drive with back to factory on it. I know I can boot with it but haven't restored back to factory with it. Leaving your caps locked is considered shouting:smileywink: Some times my medication and Candian Hunter don't mix. I want to appolijize to anyone that I have offended. If you read all my replies, you should be able to restore your PC to a point that allows you to boot into windows and use your PC normally. Dave(drev9) is one of the best advisors on this forum and has told you how to deal with this error code. My advice is to use a Anti-Virus like MSE along with Malwarebytes Pro and stay off the porn sites and the teenage sites. You can get the recovery CD's here.
Read the forum - downloaded the Kaspersky TDSSKiller - it found the malware immediately. No more glitches at start-up - no more (Not Responding) messages. Easy to run, quick, and effective! Thanks, guys!
"Hi! otlich! Thanks for the feed back. It's always encouraging to hear a member has found and fixed their problem by reading what other members have posted on the forum. I didn't realize that I was so windy:smileyembarrassed: This forum doesn't deal with infections very much. I deal with them a lot. I have used all the programs mentioned in this thread. There isn't any one program that can handle every infection out there that I know of. I have found times when it was better to just start over from factory because the PC was so badly infected. It's sad we have to put up with these things, but we do. Glad to hear you got your PC fixed. Once again I thank you for your feed back. The forum really appreciates that.
Dokie!!"
In searching for answer to a HUGE problem I have with my laptop (actually it's my sister's laptop, I borrowed it to do my college homework) I came across your message regarding this Trojan virus.  My 11-year-old son got hold of the laptop this weekend and it ended up with a virus -- Am I to assume one can ONLY get this virus through "inappropriate" websites? --- this is way too scary for me. Can you tell me what MRT, MSE, and HDD stand for?  I have very little knowledge in computers and I can't afford to pay for someone to remove the virus (am a single mom of two boys and only work part time to be able to go to school) so I am trying to do it myself.  Also do you know some kind of free virus removal that is easy to operate/use?
"MRT is Malicious Software Removal Tool. MSE is Microsoft Security Essentials HDD is hard disk drive (HDD) Now that you have this imformation, what are you going to do with it?
Down load Malwarebytes Free Version.
http://www.malwarebytes.org/lp/malware_lp_form/
Down load MSE online scanner!
http://www.microsoft.com/security/scanner/en-au/default.aspx
Down load ESET on line scanner!
http://www.eset.com/ch-en/home/products/online-scanner/
Down load and run these and post back here. I'm sorry but this is not a easy thing to fix. Your best bet would be to restore back to factory settings and hope your PC restores free of infections. Maybe othere will reply!!
Dokie!!"
"Not necessarily.  Even trusted sites get targeted by hackers as folks are more likely to click things on those pages that don't show obvious signs of danger.  Hackers are very good at masking their programs.  With that said, I don't think it is a good idea to give an 11-year old unfettered access to the internet.  Lots of good net-nanny programs out there, and some are free-ware or are provided as part of your internet access account. 
 
Just to prepare you, some of these viruses can be very difficult to remove, even by folks who do it on a regular basis.  A sure way to rid yourself of the virus (and much easier) is to either restore the computer to a point in time before the virus attacked (if known), or to do a restore to out-of-box state, The latter is more fool-proof.  If you have not created a set of restore disks back when the computer was working normally, you can purchase a set from Toshiba.  There is a way to do the restore using a hidden part of the drive, which I would suggest trying first.  Take a look at your manual for the procedure as to how to perform that exercise.  Post back with any questions."
I realize this is an old thread, but drev9's suggestion above worked for me as well. I booted into sage mode with networking, ran the latest version of TDSSKiller, it found one rootkit. It removed it, and all is now well.
So I have this same problem. So I did the Start Windows and once my pc began to load, I went to the Start button and typed MRT and clicked on it. Once I clicked it, a window appeared for about 2 seconds and disappeared and I was not able to find the window anywhere on my desktop. Now all its doing is restarting itself. Why is this?
Also, I shut my pc down and restarted it manually and the error message is gone, but my pc has a mind of its own and still restarts itself. Help please! My pc will not stay on long enough to even try to download a program to get rid of whatever virus has embedded itself in my pc.
"I am no pro when it comes to removing malicious software but if all else fails, you can do a restore to out-of-box state, and that will remove whatever the virus was causing problems.  However, this also wipes out all data from your drive.
 
you can go to one of the many web sites that deal with viruses and they will walk you through diagnosing and removal (malewarebytes, etc.).  It can get very complicated."
That's all fine and dandy, but I can't keep my pc from restarting itself. I need to know why I was seeing the error code at first and now I'm not.
I have a new L70 that the DVD drive tray will not open by pressing the button on the side. It will open by software eject. Toshiba's only response was send the entire laptop in. I think it is a simple mechanical problem, the paperclip works just fine. Any suggestions besides returning it would be appreciated.
"You have to ask - insist them to escalate your complaint, the escalate rep should be able to work something out for you
or get your money back a new laptop should not have any problems. Remember you only have 15 days to return it."
Kmart has never even had the wii. Poorly researched
Thank goodness bought this months ago for a Birthday - it is worth any wait - great FAMILY entertainment for all ages - This is First year I did not have to wait in line for Something (Last year - E-box) YEAHHHHH. Gave this a 5 stars
This Wii phenomena is unbelievable. I find it utterly appalling that people have become so obsessed with needless products. We have completely lost sight of what Christmas and this time of year truly means. Take a look at this video I found on Youtube....just shocking!
"Steve. Go back to hiding under that rock.
You obviously have no kids, or if you do I feel sorry for them."
"Wait in line for an HOUR? 

PLEASE!

I waited in line for 9 hours (11pm to 8am) at 34 degrees to get one for my son at Best Buy."
You can get one for under $400 at
"Norm wrote:
Steve. Go back to hiding under that rock.
You obviously have no kids, or if you do I feel sorry for them.
I do have kids and I have taught them that there is more to life than owning things...maybe it is different in Canada."
We would like to play, too.
"Indulgent Dad wrote:
Wait in line for an HOUR?
PLEASE!
I waited in line for 9 hours (11pm to 8am) at 34 degrees to get one for my son at Best Buy.
You ROCK dad! Merry Christmas to you and your kids!"
"Wii Rain Check - REALITY: NO CASE; NO CARD; just a register receipt!!!
Unlike reported at all the sites, I just purchased my raincheck from my local GameStop store in Wilson, NC and all I got was a cash register receipt. They had heard nothing of the DVD-like cases with a gift card inside. Just a plain receipt with a barcode. They have may name and number and a promise to call when it arrives. But nothing to put ""under the tree"" other than the receipt!!!
Another broken promise from Nintendo??!!??!!"
Why would anyone buy a raincheck? Mark my words - GameStop won't have enough Wiis to satisfy all of their rainchecks in January.
"Mmm wrote:
Why would anyone buy a raincheck? Mark my words - GameStop won't have enough Wiis to satisfy all of their rainchecks in January.
Of course they won't. Gamestop is notorious for never being able to honor pre-orders (PS3, PS2, Xbox360 when they all first came out) when they're for something high in demand.

Now having said that, I just don't get the appeal of the Nintendo Wii? While it looks fun, it doesn't look like it has much life to it. In fact, I'm guessing there'll be a Nintendo Wii 2 (the name will be different of course)within 3 years, and all the suckers who continue to want one of these now will line up yet again to buy the next model too."
"my email, ojuniour@lycos.com

wooooow wii, do you know what?

i actually went to my local best buy store this evening and i was told that thre is no wii system or ds lite 
they told me they brought in 600 ds lites and 340 wii last week and BAAAM! there were gone with a week and two and i was totally , i mean totally shocked. ""psp, ps3 system are just sitting there"", he told me, "" no one bought them, though we sold 35 psp and 3 ps3 last week' the man said, 
Nintendo will be happy for this great demands"
"valentine wrote:
my email, ojuniour@lycos.com
wooooow wii, do you know what?
i actually went to my local best buy store this evening and i was told that thre is no wii system or ds lite
they told me they brought in 600 ds lites and 340 wii last week and BAAAM! there were gone with a week and two and i was totally , i mean totally shocked. ""psp, ps3 system are just sitting there"", he told me, "" no one bought them, though we sold 35 psp and 3 ps3 last week' the man said,
Nintendo will be happy for this great demands
Nintendo blew it, I brought my kid a LAPTOP instead, Killed two birds at once. No need 
for the WII or A IPOD."
dude,the wii and the ipod is the shiz…
"Hahahahahahaha! I guess all the smart people (like me) bought one back in.... oh..... I don't know..... JULY when they were on the shelves!!!!

I will gladly sell you mine for $1000... suckers!

This happens every Christmas time and the same old idiots get taken over and over again. Here's the secret:

In July start to ask your kid: ""what do you want for Christmas this year?""

Listen to them. Pay attention to what they read and what they say. If they want a Wii they'll drop you thousands of hints. All you have to do is PAY ATTENTION! 

Then, get your ass to the store in September/October and buy whatever cool new electronic toy they want early. That way you can sit on it till Christmas. In fact... buy two of them. That way you can give one to your kid and hork the other one on eBay and make a bunch of money. 

You suffer because you don't listen to your kids and you procrastinate. Now you pay the price. Back in July / August of this year there were THOUSANDS of Wiis all over the place just sitting there on the store shelves. Nobody cared back then."
"Steve Bonilla wrote:
This Wii phenomena is unbelievable. I find it utterly appalling that people have become so obsessed with needless products. We have completely lost sight of what Christmas and this time of year truly means. Take a look at this video I found on Youtube....just shocking! 


Hey, it is on youtube so it must be true! Get real, the fact is that the wii is probably the most family oriented game system out there. That is a good thing but you got the denigrators who know nothing about the game out in force. Then the reference something as reliable as youtube. Give me a break...."
"Wiitarded wrote:
Hahahahahahaha! I guess all the smart people (like me) bought one back in.... oh..... I don't know..... JULY when they were on the shelves!!!!
I will gladly sell you mine for $1000... suckers!
This happens every Christmas time and the same old idiots get taken over and over again. Here's the secret:
In July start to ask your kid: ""what do you want for Christmas this year?""
Listen to them. Pay attention to what they read and what they say. If they want a Wii they'll drop you thousands of hints. All you have to do is PAY ATTENTION!
Then, get your ass to the store in September/October and buy whatever cool new electronic toy they want early. That way you can sit on it till Christmas. In fact... buy two of them. That way you can give one to your kid and hork the other one on eBay and make a bunch of money.
You suffer because you don't listen to your kids and you procrastinate. Now you pay the price. Back in July / August of this year there were THOUSANDS of Wiis all over the place just sitting there on the store shelves. Nobody cared back then.
Yeah, I bought mine back in August, from Circuit City and there weren't any bundle packages like they say in the article. I paid regular price. I love it, the Wii rocks. Sorry if you don't have one, but that's what you get for procrastinating!"
I didn't mean you, Wiitarded, I meant the other people who don't have a Wii.
"Cubs Girl wrote:
I didn't mean you, Wiitarded, I meant the other people who don't have a Wii.
wii is not akll that, and anyone who thinks they are special because the have one need counseling."
"Kevin wrote:
<quoted text>wii is not akll that, and anyone who thinks they are special because the have one need counseling.
Not special, huh? It's the only gaming system designed to get kids off their butts and get SOME type of workout. I'ts also pretty cool because its something that no matter how young or old you are you can play. I'm also one that got mine back in Aug, and since then all my kids have lost at least 20 pounds bringing them down to normal weight. my elderly mom plays it since she can't go out any more.
I think anyone who has anything bad to say about the WII are the ones who don't have one. sucks to be you, next time don't wait so long to buy"
"the bigger picture wrote:
<quoted text>
Not special, huh? It's the only gaming system designed to get kids off their butts and get SOME type of workout. I'ts also pretty cool because its something that no matter how young or old you are you can play. I'm also one that got mine back in Aug, and since then all my kids have lost at least 20 pounds bringing them down to normal weight. my elderly mom plays it since she can't 
I think anyone who has anything bad to say about the WII are the ones who don't have one. sucks to be you, next time don't wait so long to buy
Your kid's are fat, buy them a jump rope."
wow
i am a kid good bye never comin back here i am a 5th grader lol
"Kevin wrote:
<quoted text> Your kid's are fat, buy them a jump rope.
thats kinda of harsh man......."
"Kevin wrote:
<quoted text> Your kid's are fat, buy them a jump rope.
not any more, another one that waited and didn't get a WII in time huh?"
"Kevin wrote:
<quoted text>wii is not akll that, and anyone who thinks they are special because the have one need counseling.
Awww...Looks like someone doesn't have a Wii. It's ok, one day you'll have one too, maybe next year…"
"hey guys, I received a code on a map for some DLC when I preordered at Gamestop in Germany. However, whenever I try to use the website it told me to use ""www.assassinscreed.com/vip"" it directs me to the watch ""vip program"" instead. When I try on my Iphone it just takes me to the normal website's homepage. 

Please can someone tell me where I activate this code, I have been trying for ages :/"
You enter the code at the Assassin's Creed game main menu. When you start up the game, and right after you click Start, theres several options. To play story mode, or multiplayer mode, to activate Uplay, and to redeem code for additional content. Once you redeem the code, you should have the BLACK ISLAND unlocked in your map. You travel to that Island and loot the chests there to unlock the swords and whatnot.
"Hi,

There are FAQ's on the support site - if you struggle 
"
When you go to redeem code on the right side of the screen it gives you an option for a 25 or 19 digit code the copy I bought from gamestop had a 19 digit code. took me a couple tries to figure it out thought I had a bad code.
give it to me, I'll take care of it for you!
Thanks all. I had tried that before but it didn't work. I just tried it again and it still says my code is invalid. Any ideas what I may be doing wrong?
If you've tried the Support FAQ's and it did not help please create a Ticket with Support. They will need your code in order to assist you.
Lol. That's so funny. During my JobSites, Mrs. Decoteu refuses me to go to GameStop because of my poor behaviors. I hate school behaviors. Also, when I get Zelda for Wii, I only got disk as "new". Thank goodness I can have a case and manual from an employer. Oh my gosh, this store is evil. Stupid GameStop.
I'm pretty sick of the gamestop rules on returned games. I once got $12 for a game that was being displayed on the shelf for $29. I feel like I should be getting more money for this so Iwas referred to a small website to sell games at my own price. It worked for me for a few games but it needs more users to get more offers. Check it out www.electronicgamelist.com . I only made a few local transactions with it. One for my xbox360 and 2 for the PS3. I saved $10-20 on the PS3 games I bought, and sold Mass Effect for the 360 for $20 more than what I would've gotten from gamestop.
stop crying seriously. If you actual had an idea about sales you would know why you get so little. If a store has 20-30 mass effects you think they gonna give you that much for it? lucky they took it in the first place
kek, I have a really good idea about sales. I don't care if the gamestop has 20-30 copies of the same game. Sure they need to pay for overhead, cost-per-game to display in store space, and everything else in the store. but I don't CARE about Gamestop. Do you know that they made double the profit on used games than they do on new ones? Who gets screwed? The consumer and the developers. So it's not about whining and saying boo-hoo that I'm not getting a fair deal, but when I see that Halo 3 is still being sold for $50 used on the shelf, that's just plain bull. Our only problem is that gamestop is one of the very few convenient outlets to trade in games which gives them the upper hand over the consumer when I think that we deserve more. So kek, you obviously don't care about your money or any value of anythign you get.
Sounds like GameStop is making a killing on these sales...I would stop crying and start buying stock!!!
"Hey rockstarterz, i have an idea for you. Keep your games, quit your b*tching and shop at Wal-mart. Go save your 3 cents from them. And while you are at wal-mart, have fun trying to walk out without purchasing anything else. Or go to Best Buy and talk to an oblivious employee. 

Better yet, keep all your games and in 5 years when they are worth nothing to anyone INCLUDING YOU, stick them in the closet with the nintendo games that ""will be worth money one day"". Wishful thinking you idiot."
rockstarterz ur just being retarded.
There is a better option and its coming soon!!!!!!!!
So are you Kek.
...heres an idea everyone that thinks they are getting ripped off, try opening up a video game store and offer the amount to your customers that you want gamestop to give to you and see how long you stay afloat especially with the economy the way it is id say maybe you'll make it a year, year and a half if your lucky...gamestop isnt any different than anyother company they dont sit in there offices thinking of ways to ruin your life they think of ways to keep the business productive just like everyone else out...
To everyone who complains about "unfair deals": I got 155 bucks for about 20 ps2 games, and is there any other more convenient store than gamestop to trade in your games?
"I send this complaint in response to a repulsive and unethical practice I was subjected to by your employees at a location GameStop here in Grand Prairie Texas. At this writing I have been made aware that this store is corporately owned. It is this sort of behavior that reflects the GAMESTOP corporate brand and this needs to be brought to the attention of the owner and/or manager of this location, as well as, the home office of the corporate division.

I am an older African American female. I went to this GameStop store to purchase video games for my son. As we entered the store and wandered the shelves my son had a question for one of the employees. My son positioned himself before this employee in order to be helped after the person she was currently assisting. I watched as the employee laid eyes on my son then disregarded his presence to rush to the assistance of a White customer that entered the store. Nevertheless, my son approached as this other Customer was being assisted and the female employee with reluctance and dismissively offered assistance then flashed her hand to the general direction of the shelves when he asked for the particular location of a game.



This was hurtful to watch but nevertheless we continued to shop. Once my son acquired his games we went to the cashier to purchase the games. It was at this point, I encountered the clerk/cashier/manager,” William”. When greeting me,” William “referred to me as “sweetie”. At first I did not take this personally, even though, it is unprofessional to greet an obviously older woman that way but I try not to take these things too personally. As William continued the transaction he continued to call me “sweetie”. At some point I advised William that I do not want to be referred to in that manner. In my opinion, no reference is fine. I find that term to be offensive and condescending. Nevertheless he called me sweetie and at the conclusion of the transaction asked for my identification to ensure I did not steal my credit card from anyone. I gave William my credit card and he completed the transaction. As I was leaving the store I heard William call the next customer and referred to them instantly as “Sir”. When I turned around to look at this customer it was a young White male in his early 20s’.

In my opinion this is blatant racial profiling. I entered a GameStop store to purchase an item for a fun activity with my child only to be offended and insulted through no action on my part. I was innocently accosted. Now I am not certain whether William’s issue stems out of the fact I am a woman or an African American or both. Either way he needs to keep his personal beliefs at home when he comes to work and not accost the general public with his discriminatory remarks with the brand of GameStop behind him.
"
"wow, you truly should be ashamed of yourself. You are trying to make a racial issue where there is none. the term ""sweetie"" makes no regard to any race rather a gender. Though it wasn't very professional of him he was def not being racist in any sense. though he may have been misguided in his efforts im sure he was only trying to be polite and personable towards you.
How old and tall ws your son? 5yrs and 3.5 feet tall? i ask because its easy to over look somebody that since. but if he was that young the you should be a better mother and not let him talk to strangers. if hes older then i doubt the events unfolded like you claim. but then again idk im in a different state and wasn't there. 
its very despicable of you and for anybody to make a racial issue where there clearly wasnt an racial matter. Again, ""sweetie"" is gender related not race. if he called you a negro, darky or worse. then you would clearly have a valid racial issue on your hands. He didnt and you are just dramatizing things. get over your self.
Besides if it was as bad as you try to portray you would have marched right out of there and went to a lawyers office and/or called the cops for racial slurs.
please troll else where."
"Wow, the previous poster was right. I hope that the people who read your ridiculous complaint realize how absurd it really is. First of all, your son is a child, and not normally considered a customer. As I deal with children and adults daily, I will acknowledge the child but not wait for him/her to fumble through their words to describe that they want to know if we have a game with dinosaurs in it. It makes much more sense to address an adult, and you yourself should have addressed the employee.

Secondly, I may too consider it unprofessional to refer to a customer as ""sweetie."" But it is a common Southern practice to use the terms,'sir,''ma'am,''sweetie,' 'honey,' etc to address customers and others. I have noticed that since moving to the South. I am not offended by this or their culture, because I have a life.

Third, it is normal practice to view an ID for credit card purchases. It is not required by every store, but it certainly isn't rare. Get over yourself. I am glad I've never met you in my life."
Racial Profiling...what are you doing calling him a "white" employee and not a Caucasian?
"*****
just get over yourself and grow a *****"
can't get comcast to provide the DPC 3939 gateway, they keep on sending the wrong gateway even after confirming on the phone that they are shipping the DPC 3939, the local office tells me they do not have this model.
I have got to say that I am very disappointed in the service. My internet is shaky and works sometimes and won't work other times, my cable box is faulty because the sound gets all scrambled and now the On Demand feature won't even work, and the fact that every time I have an issue with one of these services I have to wait AT LEAST half an hour to get in contact with someone.
So I tried updating my services (faster internet and a second room of HD and a slightly different TV package) and this is the transcript minus personal info. Also note, you fill all this info prior to talking to the agents, and yet they apparently don't have access to any of this info.
I live in one of the test markets where Comcast is limiting our data usage.  Today Comcast screws us, tomorrow the rest of the country.  Not only are the limits unreasonable, but they are also constantly hijacking the browswers on my home network with popups telling me how close I am to the limit and the popups will not go away until I sign in to my account. I am the only person who knows the username and password, so other family members cannot get rid of the popus until I get home and sign in to the account.  Furthermore, it is an invasion of my privacy for them to tell anyone and everyone who happens to be on my home network how much data I have used and try to get them to sign into MY account.  Comcast sucks.  I pay them over $270 per month and they are about to lose my business.
southernlawyer wrote: I pay them over $270 per month and they are about to lose my business. Therein is the rub, that's a lot of money, but they don't care. In most area's there is no viable alternative speedwise and they know that of course. I've seen. I don't think anyone wants to be limited. countless threads about the limit, but I think it falls on deaf ears. Then again with prices for cable and sat TV, always rising cord cutters will stream more data to watch HD movies and TV, which could have a detrimental effect on a "shared" cable system....
Fortunately for me, Cspire is putting in a 1 GB fiberoptic cable to my city in the next couple of months, so I can tell Comcast to cram it.  Comcast currently has a monopoly on high speed internet, but that is changing, and Comcast will not understand why its subscribers will be leaving them in droves once there are alternatives.  Then Comcast will wish they had treated their customers a better.  I have Comcast internet and phone service at my office also, and Comcast will lose my office business too, and they can thank their stupid data limit plan for the loss of my home and office business.  
Moved: http://forums.comcast.com/t5/Removed-Posts/Re-Data-Cap/m-p/1922415#U1922415 This is a placeholder for a post that was moved to a secure location because it violates the forum guidelines. Repeated posting of a message (or very similar messages) multiple times is considered spamming and is prohibited  http://forums.comcast.com/t5/Forum-Guidelines/Post?ing-Guidelines/td-p/866289
The moment they impose any limits on my accoutn, gone with the wind.
It is very strange that I lost my internet connection on 13th of Oct 2013 (sunday) at around 3PM, when my new neighbors got the connection.  The technician disconnected mine to give new connection to the neighbors.  Not knowing why I lost the connection at that time, I spent over 2 hours with the customer service on the phone.  They kept transferring me to all kinds of departments, but not solving the problem.  Finally one kind service rep admitted that he couldn't figure out why I had lost the connection and scheduled a service visit by a technician after 2 days on 15th of october.  That means, I had no internet connection for those 3 days, for which I should have been given a credit. When the technician showed up on 15th of October, he figured out that the other technician had disconnected my internet to give connection to the new neighbors.  He made a new line and gave me the connection back and assured us that there won't be any charge to us for his service, as it was not our fault, but the comcast technician's error.  We were happy that finally the problem got fixed, even though we had no internet for 3 days. But, our joy didn't last long. When we got the bill, surprised to see a 'ONE TIME CHARGE' of $31.14 for the technician's visit and no credit for the 3 days of internet loss.  First comcast disconnected me and charged me for restoring the connection back. It looked like some kind of scam.  Wish someone looked into my bill and fixed this billing issue.  But, the customer service was not of much help saying that they charged me based on what the technician wrote on his service visit report.  I called the technician, he still agrees that it was not my fault, but the mistake of the comcast technician who gave the new connection to the neighbors.  But, the comcast is not fixing the billing issue.  Any help/advise?
Since calling has done no good try this, You can send an email to Comcast corporate customer service (we_can_help@cable.comcast.com). Comcast employees must be authorized to post in the forum in an official capacity. Employees posting here have their names in red and are designated as employees. Names not in red are customers.This is done to protect customers and for assurance that they are dealing with a Comcast employee.Non-Authorized Employees are allowed to post but cannot state they are employees nor can they allude to being employees
In REd? Thats a lie
What a lie? That employees have their usernames in red? 
I contacted Comcast following my move into a new condo. The first technician who came out said he could not install my cable because there were no wires and it would require that he go over too many doorways. He suggested I contact an electrician, which I did. Five hundred dollars later, the electrician installed the wiring going over just one doorway and drilling two small holes in my wall. He also told me that Comcast should have done this because they have installed such wiring at many of the propertiex he has worked on. To top it off, the second Comcast technician who came out said the same thing! So I am now out $500 for something Comcast should have done all along. I was advised by the BBB to try and resolve this with Comcast before filing a complaint. I believe this should warrant some sort of reparative response from Comcast, since the first technician's unwillingness to do his job cost me a signifcant outlay of money
I've contact your local areas to follow up with you. Thank You
Thank you
My service has been out for almost a full day.  No details from Comcast at the 800 number or website - just a useless "We're working on it" message.  How hard is it to include some details about the problem and an expected repair schedule.  The local electric company sends out emails about power outages - nature of the problem and expected repair time.  Updates are sent as is a "power restored" message.  Keeping customers informed is common sense and will save time with repeat inquires about lack of service.   I was thinking of switching my phone and internet to Comcast.  Maybe not a good idea now.  Will anyone at Comcast reply to this??
I doubt you're going to get much more than we're working on it.  They manage to get in touch with us if a bill is late, doesn't seem like it would be too hard to put up a message for customers in outage areas to let them know this is the current status.  I've all but given up trying to work with them and am actively looking for alternatives at this point.  Everytime I have called they keep telling me service will be restored by 7 which is normally 12 hours from the last time they said it would be up and functioning again.
I'm coming up on 48 hours with no service. The phone will give me an automated outage messages. The website says I'm affected by an outage. Okay. And?
It can go till they fix it. Dont forget to call and get a credit for all your down time.
I was very frustrated and they finally fixed my problems, but most important I would like to send out a thank you note to Diane (corporate office 2628) which has handled the problem very excellent and called me back on time to discuss my issues.
Thank you, I'll pass your note on to Comcast Corporate.
not sure if this is the correct spot to give thanks to the only comcast rep that was any help in restoring our service which was non existent the last 5 days,  spoke daily with customer service was given typical answers ... " service out in the area"  always pushing the restore time back another 4 hrs. i was even given a 2 hr window and ticket no. yesterday where no one called or came to home  today i spole wqith LESTER who took the time to expedite my problem and had a technician at the home within an hr.  the problem had nothing to do with service outage and was fixed within 30 min.  if you knew what a disruption this caused our family since last thursday you would offer us and your customer service rep something special thats for sure.  i will say i was very dissatisfied up to this point with comcast, the service i was given {but not  given} and i hope you will track down this customer service rep and show him some type of recognition.  he restored my faith in customer service, compasssion and respect to the public work force when dealing with customers as your job.
i would like to cancel my phone service
You will either need to call this in or stop at a local office/service center to do this. There is no way to do that online and no one on the forums can do that for you either.
I need to cancel my phone services ..thank you 
I guess Comcast would rather lose a continuous customer of over 25 years over an installation charge when I am UPGRADING my service! You have got to be kidding me. The rep dug in her heels and flat out refused to upgrade me for free.
You might want to drop a note to Comcast corporate customer service (we_can_help@cable.comcast.com) and let them know how you were treated. They might not see your post here.
Moved: http://forums.comcast.com/t5/Removed-Posts/Re-Losing-a-longtime-customer-over-75-Outstanding-customer/m-p/1888573#U1888573 Unhelpful disgruntled trolling post removed
Don't really expect any kind of resolution. Apparently they have enough customers! Losing one apparently doesn't seem to bother them!
In January 2013, The American Customer Satisfaction Index rated U.S. companies on their customer service. Comcast came in at number four as having terrible customer service having lost more than 400,000 customers. It's now October so they may have garnered the number one spot. 
They are well on their way! Still shaking my head in disbelief over fighting over 75 bucks!
Data limits of 300 Gb will have me reduce my data plan to a lower rate/amount and then find a second carrier paid for with the difference. Sprint has a good wireless hotspot with unlimited data for 30 a month. I cut cable a year ago not because of the price it was poor service. They offered me free cable within 6 months. Now they are losing cable customers/revenue and are having to scramble to make up the difference however Comcast business model is really screwed up with this 300 Gb max. Every plan from fasted to slowest gives you 300 Gb. Why pay for high speed you will just get to your 300 Gb faster.?Slow down cheap out and USE comcast for the full 300 Gb they give you as cheap as you can get it.
Moved: http://forums.comcast.com/t5/Removed-Posts/Re-Data-Cap/m-p/1922425#U1922425 This is a placeholder for a post that was moved to a secure location because it violates the forum guidelines. Repeated posting of a message (or very similar messages) multiple times is considered spamming and is prohibited. http://forums.comcast.com/t5/Forum-Guidelines/Post?ing-Guidelines/td-p/866289
I signed up for Xfinity before I moved from Georgia, last Decembe (2012). The package offered a 350.00 card for signing up. When I contacted Comcast they said that I had to show 4 months of payment and be in good standing. I called back in May of this year (2013), Comcast said it was only 150.00 card, and told me to call back in a couple of months because they had not received any notice from whoever gives authorization to pay. I called back in August and still got the run around. I called again two days ago and the rep on the phone told me to go to the local Comcast dealer for the card. I ask how they would know what I signed up for because I did it on line before moving to Tennessee. So, I went to the local Comcast office and ask them. They told me that they had no idea what my package said, and the rep. on the phone was wrong in telling me that. HELLO, will someone please keep your end of the promotional offering and pay up. I can go back to Direct TV, who keeps calling me and offering me a equal deal. So, Comcast, do you want me continued business? I've been pretty patient for TEN MONTHS!!!!!!!
I've responded to your issue within this thread: http://forums.comcast.com/t5/Customer-Service/150-?dolllar-gift-card/td-p/1916311 Thank You
I signed up more than 5 months ago and have contacted you guys by phone only to be told that I need to call a 1-800 number and when I do I get no help. The last time I called they couldnt tell me anything all they said was to contact comcast .com by online chat. I really would like to have the 150 dollar gift card I was promised because I am becoming very aggrivated seeing how hard it is to redeem something that I signed up for a long time ago.
To get help, your best option is to contact Comcast Corporate Customer Service (we_can_help@cable.comcast.com). You can also ask for help via Twitter (@ComcastCares), Facebook or the Comcast Direct Forum.
Good luck buddy....I've been trying for 10 months now......just yesterday the rep online told me to check with the local office for redeemption!!! Ha, that was incorrect and according to the office, how would they know what promotion I signed on with.....!!!!!!!
Certain eligibility has to be fulfilled within your service agreement before the gift cards are sent. I've contact your local areas to follow up with you. Thank You
I would like to thank Leo from Comcast today. Leo was on time, polite and informative. He was friendly and efficient. It is rare to get such great customer service anymore and I am very pleased. I would also like to thank Louisa. Louisa was the phone rep who helped with my initial questions and set up the appointment. Everything went very smoothly and we are very happy customers. Leo and Louisa are Customer Service gems.
1 in a million
Whatever, Comcast is a joke
Thanks and I will pass this on
I just registered to receive my new Cable Modem. Can I  request to get it mailed to my P.O. Box as I do not trust my neighbors? And how do I backtrack tne request?
Try using this follow up number 855-242-2876
you may call (888) 966-7520 and go to sales or tech support ..if the modem has already been process you may ask for the tracking number(usually its UPS ) and go to UPS website and check the delivery address or call UPS directly ...other option is to call comcast and ask that you will do a pick up SIK in the service center
I pay good money for cable that never works
Apologies for any issue you may have. I don't see any open tickets on your account. Any details would be appreciated. I have asked that someone from our Florida team review your account and contact you directly to resolve any service issues you may currently be having.  Thanks for your patience.
Beware of Comcast's lying sales reps. They will promise you whatever you want to hear then not follow through. A sales rep promised me that if I switched from ATT I would be given the same package at the same price. I had DVR service on both of my TVs with ATT but when Comcast set us up all we received was a regular digital box on one TV and a very limited box on my second TV. This is deliberate consumer fraud and I will no longer deal with a company that is guilty of fraud. They should be shut down. I will be making a consumer fraud complaint with the states attorney's office.
I can have a local rep contact you so were able to complete this DVR order for you. Thank you
OMFG this has to be the worst UI that has come out in the last 30 years. I would prefer DOS to this user UNFRIENDLY POS. I have been a loyal windows user since the DOS/windows years. This completely nonsense UI has convinced me to convert all of my home PC's to Apple. There is absolutely no sense in this latest windows operating system. Microsoft has completely lost it's way and abandoned it's PC user base for some attempt at an Apple clone that is completely useless for desktop users. RIP Bill Gates as this fat **** Ballmer has gutted your once great company. If you can identify one feature of windows 8 that improves on windows 7 for the average desktop user I would happily return however when the majority of your user base are using second party apps just to make your operating system approach usability there is something seriously wrong and it is time to follow the rats off the ship.
I am extremely frustrated with Windows 8. I am puzzled at how this product can be released. It is tremendous loss of productivity.  The whole ecosystem is set in such a way that all PC manufactureres have no choice but to use Microsoft products. If this was not the case, Microsoft would have put its act together.
On your Start screen, click the Desktop tile to go into the Desktop. You presumably are unaware that Windows 8 has two modes - the modern GUI,  and Desktop mode that looks and behaves just like Windows 7? You can tell your computer to boot into the Desktop mode by default (and reinstate the Start button as well) by using one of these utilities:
I got so frustrated, I shook my new 4 mo old computer really hard and slammed it on the counter.  Poor computer.  Broken now and its not event it's fault!
Perhaps not hard, but certainly harder than adapting to a new version of the same OS. While the Modern interface is new, the underlying concepts are still the same. I actually found it easier going from 7 to 8 than XP to 7. Admittedly, part of that is my enthusiasm for the demise of the Start Menu - hated it in 1995 and still hate it. And of course, the familiar desktop is still there - it's just that the start menu has been replaced, and a new type of program is available. I disagree that Win8 is unusable - I've been using it for a year and love it. Best Windows interface since Win 3.11 and Program Manager were retired. Just get a copy of Windows 7, or Start8 to hide the Modern stuff, and you'll be fine. I'd recommend the Start8 option, so you still get the other improvements of 8 while hiding Modern.
My Documents, Pictures, Videos and Music folders are all not working and I can't access the files and I didn't do anything to them but when I try and click them it says "music.library-ms is no longer working, the library can be safely deleted from your computer. Folders that have been included won't be affected". I understand they wont be affected but how am I supposed to get all my files back?
I understand that you receive an error stating music.library-ms is no longer working. Please Answer: 1) Have you made any changes on the computer prior to the issue? In the Libraries folder, you will notice that icons of folders have changed to something else. This clearly indicates that Windows 8 Libraries are no more working and corrupted. To fix this, follow these steps: a) Press Windows + E to open Windows Explorer and click Libraries. b) Select all the libraries with which you are facing issue and select delete. c) Click yes for confirmation. d) After deleting, right click the Libraries icon in the left navigation pane and click Restore default libraries. e) In first attempt, default icons were restored but if you are still unable to access Windows 8 libraries, delete and restore them again to get it back to working.
It worked thank you so much!
I am having a problem by which when I try to download/install the free update to Windows 8.1 from the Windows Store I get an error message saying that the update can only be installed by an administrator account and to log in with one such account and try again. The only problem is that I am the only user account on the PC and I already checked the settings and I am listed as an administrator by default. Therefore I am confused as to how the PC could think I am not an administrator as there are no other user accounts on the system. I am not having any issues accessing specific programs or updating any other components and the UAC settings appear to be working fine. At this point this error seems specifically linked to the Windows store and in trying to download the update to 8.1. Any help would be appreciated.
I did a windows update repair using Windows fixit which automatically resets Windows Update components and it worked! What a pain that windows at this point does not detect and repair the ****. It took valuable moments of my life to get my PC to be able to download Windows 8.1 free upgrade! Visit this page : http://support.microsoft.com/kb/971058/en-us
Does NOT WORK. 
My computer has restarted itself several times, it tells me it's a problem with my Intel Rapid Storage Technology Driver. The solution is apparently an update from ASUSTeK Computer Inc. I have downloaded this update (file name: IRST_12.8.0.1016_ANdisable_Win8.1_64), and I've tried both right-clicking and running as administrator and simply double-clicking and the same result occurs - A black box opens with writing, more writing appears, then it closes (. I have sat and waited and there is no indication that there is an installation wizard loading any time soon, or that there is anything installing at all. I was wondering if anyone knows the solution to this problem, as my laptop up until 2 days ago was functioning fine and now it restarts when it feels like it. Any feedback ASAP is appreciated as I need this laptop for uni work quite desperately. Thanks a lot
Hi Toby, 1. What is the exact message that you get related to problem with Intel Rapid Storage Technology Driver? 2. What is the model of the ASUStek laptop? I appreciate the efforts you took to resolve the issue. Since you have tried downloading the update manually and still the issue persists I would recommend you to contact ASUS support for better assistance. http://support.asus.com/ServiceHome.aspx?SLanguage=en If you need any further assistance with Windows Operating System, please post your query on Microsoft Community Forums and we’ll be glad to assist you with it.
Where's Chess Titans in Windows 8? There doesn't seem to be any Microsoft games installed be default.
Hi RobbieCharles, If you take a look in the Store, there are several Chess games available there.  You can go to your Start screen by either clicking in the bottom left hand corner or pressing the Windows key, then go to the Store app.  Once in the Store, you can then search for apps by pressing Windows key + C and click Search in the Charms bar, and search for Chess games from there. Hope this helps!
Bring back Chess Titans and Hearts, Solitaire, etc.  I thought I would get it in 8 pro and Media Pack.
How do I deleted the items in my deleted items folder in windows 8 mail without having to delete each item separately?
Hi, Please verify to where do you access your account. Is it through web mail or Mail client? Thanks!
I was setting up my new pc and it runs really well with an Ethernet cable attached, can wake on lan and use remote desktop to use the pc (the pc is a mini ITX inside a NES case and is not connected to a screen, it is used as a music streaming /hifi /media centre for the rest of the network but I am wanting to set it up using WiFi was wondering of their was a way to set up WAke on WLAN in windows 8 Ione the windows 7 registry edit to enable wowlan but I can't tick the allow this device to wake up the pc in device manager It Thanks for taking the time to answer
Hi Lily, Is the option greyed out for Allow this device to wake up the pc? Adjust power management of mouse and keyboard by unchecking the “Allow this device to wake the computer”. a: Press Windows + X and select Device Manager from the list b: In Device Manager, look for Network Adapter, Mice and Keyboard (Select One by One not at a time). c: Right click the Network Adapter and click Properties. d: Click Power management. e: Uncheck the option: “Allow this device to wake the computer”.f: Click Apply and Ok. To find out what event/device woke up your Windows from sleep, go to command prompt (type cmd on the Run/Search box and press ENTER), then type this: powercfg /lastwake Note: Press Windows + X and then click Command prompt If you need any further assistance with Windows Operating System, please post your query on Microsoft Community Forums and we’ll be glad to assist you with it.
In device manager under network adapters, the USB WiFi adapter, in properties, power management, the option to allow this device to wake up the computer is greyed out, I WAS not sure if this was because their was a USB power saving option I needed to change, or does this seam that wake on wireless lan is not possible with a usb wireless adapter, kor is it possible that the device does not support  wake on wireless lan, or could it be that I need a manufacturer driver and not a windows update driver, It has the default windows driver installed for this device tight now (I plugged the device in and it started working, and I didn't need to install anything software or her "installing device" notification Thank you for taking the time to respond I should also point out, the only things attached to the PC are power cable, USB wireless adapter and a sound cable, so their is no way a mouse or keyboard could wake up the device as their are non attached
Hi Lily, Thank you for sharing the resolution with us which will help others facing the same problems to fix it.
Have new acer laptop with windows 8 installed - when purchased - I was able to conntect to the internet.  I am can no longer connect to the internet - I get the error msg - the diagnostics policy service is not running - how do I fix this? Thanks
Make sure that the following services are started. a.       Press Windows key + W. b.      On the search bar, type ‘services’. c.       Select ‘view local services’. d.      Check the below services are started or not. e.       If the services are not started, you may right click the status and start it. Diagnostic policy Diagnostic Service Diagnostic system host.
Error(s) found: Code 8E5E03FA  Windows Update ran into a problem Code 8E5E03FB  Windows Update ran into a problem I am using Windows 8 on a Lenovo G710 laptop. What should I do?  Wait for corrected Updates from Microsoft and re-install?
Which updates were not installed?  What makes you think the problem is on Microsoft's end? Help us help you: Start by reading this "sticky" post... What information to post in the Windows Update forum       http://answers.microsoft.com/thread/1467f44b-ee27-4f7d-98d7-f1c4b35b3395 Also see...    • Suggestions for asking a question in help forums       http://support.microsoft.com/kb/555375 Note: If you upgraded a computer to Win8, state that in your post, too.
I currently have Windows XP, but cannot install Windows 8 Pro upgrade.
This is a problem with windows 8 security I log in to windows live and my telephone rings to confirm and tells me to visit a site that doesn't exist??enter it yourself and see what comes up ??https://account.live.com/trust device to trust it.
me, too   lee langson
https://account.live.com/trustdevice That's the site to visit.
Hi, I am using windows8 the gamepad was not working?
Hi Satayanarayana, Answer the following question so that we can help you better. What is the make and model of the gamepad? Was it working earlier? Is the gamepad compatible with Windows 8? Have you tried installing the gamepad drivers in compatibility mode? What is the status of the game pad in Device Manager? Please get back with the required information so that we can assist you further.
My computer came preloaded with Windows 8. It blows. I mean it really sucks. My wife's computer came preloaded with windows 7. It blows but not as bad as 8. Can I downgrade back to an OS that makes sense like XP? Windows XP was the bomb for me. Easy to use. Easy to understand and easy to find things on my computer. Time is money and wasting time to find things I put on my computer using the Suckbomb known as Windows 8 costs. Windows 7 is a little better but, not much. I want Windows XP back. Tell me how to do it?
I completely agree. This is awful. I have never returned a laptop, but this is the poorest OS I have had the displeasure of using. Not only is it user hostile, but I seriously question who exactly tested it before product release.  I highly suspect it was a group of monkeys. Microsoft, you have failed.  And the fact that you will NOT ALLOW users to down grade and have trapped them in your shoddy and lazy mess is truly a measure of character. 
windows 8 is so $#%$%*^%&(*^(^*&^(&^(&(*&^(&%*^$%$*ING  Bad I nave been trying to use this piece of %&%$*%*^((&( for three weeks  I still hate windows ^$%$&*%^(*) 8.   before I smash this $800.00 computer against the wall.    Please H
I got my update last night and shut down afterward.  Since coming home and starting up,  all my tiles open in the desktop even though it never worked that way to begin with.  I've tried adjusting my default settings as was described in other online question/answers.  This has had no effect.  Can anyone help?
Suddenly when I starting Mail app the WWAHost.exe eating all my memory (to 99%). Can you tell me why and how to fix it?
Hi, Are you noticing this behavior only when you run the Mail app? Are there any other app running in the background when you notice this behavior? The WWAHost.exe process is an app host that executes Windows Store JavaScript apps. If you notice this behavior only when you run the Mail app, then there could be some issue with the Mail app. In this case, I would suggest you to try the steps suggested in this article and check: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-8/what-troubleshoot-problems-app Try these steps and let us know the results.
Will Microsoft be adding KB2919355 and its prerequisites as a critical update component to be installed during the OOBE setup at the end of the Windows 8.1 DVD installation in the future?
Microsoft already distributes install media with this update built-in, so I would expect so. Especially since in a few months, this update is required to get any future updates.
I have a HP Windows Vista home premium 32 bit that I bought about 7 years ago... only computer I have... still works pretty good... although sluggish and slow,,, but only on wifi. So I installed a software to check driver updates. It shows the Atheros is ancient.. installed in 4/26/08 available 8/20/11. My guestion is how to I get this without paying for it. Shouldn't it have came to me since I purchased this?  
can not connect wireless adapter not connected can get wireless connection adapters
Do you have any network monitor software installed on your computer? Monitor mode, or RFMON (Radio Frequency Monitor) mode, allows a computer with a wireless network interface card (NIC) to monitor all traffic received from the wireless network. Unlike promiscuous mode, which is also used for packet sniffing, monitor mode allows packets to be captured without having to associate with an access point or ad-hoc network first. Monitor mode only applies to wireless networks, while promiscuous mode can be used on both wired and wireless networks. Monitor mode is one of the six modes that 802.11 wireless cards can operate in: Master (acting as an access point), Managed (client, also known as station), Ad-hoc, Mesh, Repeater, and Monitor mode. Limitations Usually the wireless adapter is unable to transmit in monitor mode and is restricted to a single wireless channel, though this is dependent on the wireless adapter's driver, its firmware, and its chip set's features. Also, in monitor mode the adapter does not check to see if the cyclic redundancy check (CRC) values are correct for packets captured, so some captured packets may be corrupted. If a network monitoring program is running on your computer, the wireless network adapter will be set to monitor mode, which prevents Windows from connecting to wireless networks. To connect to a wireless network, close the network monitoring program or follow the instructions in the program to exit monitor mode. Troubleshoot problems finding wireless networks http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Troubleshoot-problems-finding-wireless-networks Let us know if this helps
process drvinst.exe runs constantly end process won't stop it
Same computer as in this other new thread of yours? => http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_vista-windows_update/cant-do-vista-updates/0263db0c-243c-42ae-8722-7be3b34adb92
I cant get past system restore it never completes.
Same computer as in this other new thread of yours? => http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_vista-hardware/drvinstexe/1983f196-c46f-4d69-b969-afc326263a25 Help us help you: Start by reading this "sticky" post... What information to post in the Windows Update forum       http://answers.microsoft.com/thread/1467f44b-ee27-4f7d-98d7-f1c4b35b3395 Also see...    • Suggestions for asking a question in help forums http://support.microsoft.com/kb/555375
Following directions on the internet, I obtained my product key from the "Computer" section of the start button. It is only 20 digits, and, thus, will not work.  Why should I have to pay to obtain a new product key when the one on my computer is incorrect?
Sometimes it could be on the battery, or underneath.  Sometimes they include it in a separate box with the recovery CD discs.  It's up to the PC manufacturer to decide how they want to do it, so you might need to call and ask them in particular.  Sorry we can't be of more help here.
I have a Lenovo Ideapad with Vista. When I restart, it reboots to American Megatrends page and I have to press F1 to continue. Then I have to reset the time and date. This happens everytime I restart and is getting frustrating. Any ideas?
There Stop Error here presented is "CMOS Date/Time not set" - it appears that the rest of the information is provided for informational purposes. You will need to press F12 and go into the BIOS and set the time and then Save and Exit the BIOS - after doing the message should no longer appear unless there is a problem with the BIOS.  In the event that there is a continual problem you would first want to attempt to reset the BIOS values to defaults and then look at contacting the vendor for hardware service/replacement
I put in my game and it made a funny noise and now my disc won't come out and it was not even read:/**bleep** to say the least
Samw here
have you figured it out yet?
Mine wouldn't read disks. Then it made a weird grinding kinda noise. But that went away but still haven't been able to get my system to read any game or movie even after the update
I can't get my disk out lol
Has anyone contacted Sony yet? I called my local gamestop and the told me to wait and see what Sony says before they replace my console
Ive tried twice to connect to the online chat and have been told there isn't a representative available. I'm currently tring a third time while on hold over the phone(been on hold for 40 minutes….) This is super frustrating. I really want to play AC4! Luckily, I got Resogun to download and can play that in the mean time...
Ya I'm on hold for 20+ min now. All this for them to tell me to return it locally and then my local store to tell me to send it to sony. I have a bad feeling this isn't going to be fun or a quick fix
That's just great. I did find this to tell how to get the disc out, but now when I tried putting in another disc, I can't get it to go in! This is super frustrating! Edit: still on hold here, been over an hour. I think I'm just going to give up for now
Im writing this just to see if anyone else is having the same issue... I brought my brand new ps4 home at 1 am so excited... and upgrade to the bf4 digital copy and when it asked for the disk I placed it there and it wouldnt go in so I lightly pushed the disc hoping it ffeebut it feels like theres a wall or something obstructing the entry of my blu ray drive... and ive had no luck contacting sony as of yet to fix this matter..
I have a similar problem. Brought my console home and was playing Ghosts and everything was fine. This morning, updated to 1.50 and ejected Ghosts to put in Madden and now it won't accept any discs. It just sits there constantly trying to eject something that's not in there. 
I can insert the discs, but it sounds like it does something else after its in there.  My system will not recognize any game discs I put in it.
I'm on hold with Sony now. Been on hold for 38 minutes.
mine wont even let me put the disc in
Yep I am having the same problem described above. Going to try a couple of things when I get home from work later, I'll keep an eye here and post if I have any success.
Hey I appreciate it let me know. Right now I feel like its a build error and something just blocking it no way of know ofcourse
Im on and hour an 10 minutes
Finally got ahold of someone ha. And have to return the system to them. The lady said it might be a software issue, but since I updated last night without trying out a game before, she doesn't know for sure and it could be a hardware issue. They are sending me a box and said I should get one back in a week(ya right but we will see)
I was having this same problem with Killzone. I was playing it and about 15-20mins later it would eject itself and keep trying to eject nothing that was in it, but it seems if you stand it vertically helps for some reason dunno how long of a fix though
"I was playing COD just fine for about 20 minutes, and then I ejected the disc. Now my system is loud as hell and will not read any other disc I put into the system. I get the icon in the right corner just spinning and spinning and spinning. And sometimes it won't even let me put a disc in.
Was on hold with Sony for about an hour and a half before I gave up. Extremely frustrated. Anyone know the deal?
"
Called Sony, after 2hrs and 15min hold time, finally got an actually really friendly and helpful tech. She go everything in order for me to send the console back and receive a new one in less then a week. I called gamestop after I got off the phone and told them the situation. The manager there told me to grab my console and come in. In 15 min I had a new console in hand. And everything works now. 
The vertical thing isn't helping. i just have to send it in. It's a little ridiculous. 
I was playing COD for about 25 minutes in multiplayer. I then ejected the game from the menu (options, eject disc) and tried to put in Battlefield, but it wouldn't let me. Since then, it will either NOT let me insert a disc, or it will and it will be very very loud and will just load the spinning disc in the top right corner forever. Also, when I turn the system on, it either ejects the disc or sounds like it is trying to eject a disc. And when the disc does go in, it will only let me eject at the beginning of end of standby/turning on or off the system.
Is sending it in Sony's response? If so I'm going to call up gamestop and send this **bleep** back. 
I got my ps4 yesterday, didnt have a game so i turned it on did an update on it everything worked fine, next day i went purchased killzone, i played it for a little bit then turned off the ps4, then i sat down to watch some TV then all of the sudden the disc ejects on its own without touching, i said maybe its a little glitch, so i tried putting back the disc in it, it wouldnt go back in it took a couple of tries it finally went in, and i played a little more of killzone, so i did the samething turned it off watched some tv and now the disc is ejecting on its own, is there anyone with this same issue?
Your house is haunted.
Well its not at my house, its at my store
it's motions sensitive now right? maybe too sensitive..wouldn't be nice to just please it like the old button on the slim
Your PS4 doesn't like killzone lol
Then why isnt the disc going in?
It probably still thinks there's one in there
It was off and ejected the disc twice and im trying to put it back in, it wont do nothing
Hey all, I had the same problem with it continously ejecting and I was able to fix it by doing the following: Completely power down PS4. Unplug power, HDMI, and any other cables. Download the update for a new installation of system software from here. Follow the instructions to start your PS4 in safe mode, and Initialize PS4 (Reinstall System Software)Once everything in installed and you have set up your profile and are on the home screen, then insert your game disk.
anyone have any luck returning it to gamestop?
Hey all, I had the same problem with it continously ejecting and I was able to fix it by doing the following: Completely power down PS4. Unplug power, HDMI, and any other cables. Download the update for a new installation of system software from here. Follow the instructions to start your PS4 in safe mode, and Initialize PS4 (Reinstall System Software) Once everything in installed and you have set up your profile and are on the home screen, then insert your game disk.
im trying ths now hope youre right bud
I first updated the firmware , then logged with my psn account, I played for 15 to 20 min of killzone, then the game froze. when i went back to playstation menu when i tried to launch game game it was saying "no disk" and was not able to eject the game with eject button on the console, i removed the game manually with the srcew, and now wont accept any disk. I tried to do the reset in safe mode, update firmware etc. and no luck. ps4 wont even try to take the game.
My system started the issue shortly after launching battlefield 4. The game crashed, it gave me an error then it ejected the disc. Even after i took the disc it was stuck continually trying to eject as if it were still inside. Putting the system into standby and turning it completely off and unplugging still didnt fix it. BUT i had the system laying FLAT, as soon as i stood it upright it stopped trying to eject immediately and now seems to be working fine as long as it is in the upright position.
The person above who posted about standing it vertical to get it to accept discs thank you so much i did that and it immediatly took my disk and im playing knack guess i will have to pony up for a vetical holder better than sending it to sony
I tried to insert Battlefield 4 into the drive.  It would not take the disc all the way in, and immediately forced it out.  It has been making the eject noise off and on since.  I have turned it off and restarted it multiple times and the problem persists. The system update had finished, no updates were in progress.No game or system notifications  Turned off and on twice, no luck
My power cord was loose and this was the first indication I thought my PS4 might be defected. I used PS3's power cord and it worked. I updated the firmware and was able to sign-in to PSN. Watched a few live streams and went to sleep I woke up and decided I should finally put a game in my system. Nothing! All I get is a few beep sounds. I'm looking at EternityOfDeath's post and hopes this works for me. I can't even open the disc tray. This is very frustrating, because I took a vacation to play with my PS4. My vacation will be ruined if I can't play anything.
Won't read any game, COD, FIFA, or AC.  Blueray is having trouble accepting them once it does it doesn't eject unless i turn the system off. Tried contacting Sony over 2 hours on hold and finally my phone died.... Will try again now I'm at a charger. Huge blow to my excitement!
Same exact problem. The ps4 just keep spitting out my ps3 version of call of duty ghosts that i upgraded to the ps4 version. Then it wont even let me put the disc in at times, and if it does it either spits it back out immideiatly or after a few mns. Really frustrating me. Also, sometimes it sounds like its trying to push a game disc out and nothing is in it, and it keep beeping.
I'm having the same issue. Played a litle NBA 2K and the disc wouldn't eject. Finally tried the manual disc removal that was posted on their FAQ so was able to get the disc out. Now I can't insert another disc. I tried the vertical position, tried the re-initializing - nothing. Urge to kill....rising.
Im having more or less the same problem. It started with me inserting the dice for Battlefield 4 in to the system, at the same time Contrast was being installed from the PSN. It showed the disk reading symbol in the upper right corner of the home screen, all while the disk reader was making a clicking noise. This continued for about 5mins before I tried to eject the disk, the disk did not eject, upon resetting the system the disk ejected. However now if I try to insert a disk into the system, the motor to feed the disk does not engage to feed the disk into the system. Also upon leaving the system turned off and unplugged for 10mins, on start up it makes a sound as if it is still turning to eject a disk and there is nothing inside of it. As well as after it finished starting up again it still does not feed disks into the system.
I had the same issue. My battlefield 4 disc just kept spitting out and then even after it was out my system kept trying to spit out a disc. I tried turning my console upright and it worked once until i shut off my ps4 and restarted then it started again. I started into safe mode by holding the power button on the system until it beeps, then i reinstalled the 1.50 update from the menu.  It installed and i didnt lose any of my data on the system itself and success im able to insert my disc and play battlefield 4 again. 
When i switch discs i have to tuen off ps4 wait like 20 minutes then put a new disc in but dvds dont work any help i tried a blu ray and it worked .
Good to know I'm not the only person with this same exact problem. Maybe there will be a fix soon 
Same issue. Played CoD Ghost Single player for a little bit then realized on I was online. Went to go update Ghost which took over an hour. Went to start up Ghost and PS4 said No Disk Inserted..... Tried everything to get it out and then finally tried the manual eject. Success! But now it won't take any disk
"Installed a samsung evo ssd this weekend. The boot times are now ridiculous, quicker than my desktop. Seriously, 6-7 seconds to desktop. It's only limited by the speed I can type my password. This has also made the laptop silent for 90% of the time, with the only noise coming from the fan occasionally spinning up.

I also upgraded to windows 8.1.

A couple of problems have developed too.

1. The laptop struggles to wake from sleep... I've installed the new intel graphics driver but that doesn't seem help.

2. I have a single pixel problem. I only noticed this after the upgrade to 8.1, so don't know if it's a hardware or software issue. I'll put a video up soon, but to describe it, the pixel is neither stuck or dead. If I have an all black screen, the pixel is black, but then if I open up a window with a white background, anywhere vertically below that one pixel, the pixel switches on white... If I move the window around I can see this pixel turning on and off as the area below the pixel switches from black to white etc. Very strange. It's like the pixel is in the wrong place on the screen."
Is this models keyboard the same/similar to the previous Inspiron 15 or 15R? I toyed with both models yesterday and wasn't a big fan of the keyboard.
I received the 17 7737 today. Unfortunately it does not have a touchscreen. Dell have confirmed that it should have and are going to arrange a refund once they have received comment from their manufacturing dept. Everything else is as described and i would be happy to keep the machine as it is if i can agree some recompense with Dell. I doubt i would use the touchscreen much anyway. The only thing is i don't know what screen is in it at the moment. It looks okay and is set to 1920x1080 but worry that the FHD touchscreen would be far superior to what i have now.
The LCD would be the same, it would just have an extra layer of glass for the touch screen interface.
Thanks. If that is the case then i see no reason not to keep it.
hi guys i was just wondering how to open the back cover of the inspiron 15 7000 because my fan is broken and i want to replace it but i cant get the back cover open?
Follow this, try  phoning Dell to get an engineer to come out and fix it.
OK this may sound stupid, but what is the access key to enter BIOS? I've tried F2 or FN+F2 doesnt seem to work. F10, F12 does nothing either. I'm pressing it multiple times from before I see the Dell logo till it started loading windows. Nothing happened. Any secret key or method that I dont know about?
I had this problem too, noticed it when I called Dell support over my screen / pixel issue. They wanted me to get into the BIOS, but I couldn't. I half put it down to having installed an SSD - hence making the boot too quick. Lets see what their engineer does when he comes out to replace the screen.
This is excellent for a non-gaming dedicated laptop.
"I'm looking to buy the Dell New Inspiron 15 7000 Series Touch with the 256GB mSATA SSD, I think it's a pretty good deal at $1200. But I am also looking at the HP Envy 15t-j100. 

The only thing keeping me from buying the Dell over the HP is the better processor in the HP (i7-4700MQ in the HP compared to i7-4500U in the Dell). But the HP does not have the option for full SSD (only a hybrid), and I hear from people that full SSD is fastest. If I game a lot, which one would be better the better deal for me? Would the better processor in the HP be more beneficial for me or would the full SSD hard drive in the Dell suit me more? Thanks."
"Mine arrived on Thursday, estimated date was Tuesday 5th.

Been playing around with it for a few hours now, everything going well apart from I am noticing a static/ground noise through my headphones, Anyone else having this issue? I've tried playing around with the settings but no luck. It also never came with the nVidia drivers installed so I installed GeForce Experience but have yet to try any gaming. Feel free to ask any questions."
"I'm looking to buy the Dell New Inspiron 15 7000 Series Touch with the 256GB mSATA SSD, I think it's a pretty good deal at $1200. But I am also looking at the HP Envy 15t-j100. 

The only thing keeping me from buying the Dell over the HP is the better processor in the HP (i7-4700MQ in the HP compared to i7-4500U in the Dell). But the HP does not have the option for full SSD (only a hybrid), and I hear from people that full SSD is fastest. If I game a lot, which one would be better the better deal for me? Would the better processor in the HP be more beneficial for me or would the full SSD hard drive in the Dell suit me more? Thanks."
"That processor will effectively half the battery life, it's a trade-off between performance and battery life, for gaming the 4700MQ is obviously better (assuming the HP also has the 750M). Plus you could install an SSD at a later date.

Just depends on your needs."
I ordered my 7537 on 25th and its still showing to be in China on my tracking, how long has it taken you guys to get yours? (UK order btw)
Ordered 7737 on 19th, shipped from China on the 24th and received on the 30th.
"I'm interested in this laptop's suitability for heavy gaming. Will it handle playing WoW every day (25man raids) and playing the latest games (not necessarily on the highest details)? Or will the heat become too much of a problem?
"
Well my 750M has reached a max of 76 degrees (GPU load is almost always 99%), usually sits at 75 the only part of the laptop that you can really feel it is just above the centre of the keyboard so it shouldn't hinder you. That was playing quite demanding games from the last couple of years (on high or ultra), it would handle WoW fine.
"Thanks. I was just wondering if playing WoW regularly for extensive periods of time wouldn't damage the hardware in the long run. I guess these temperatures are quite low for laptops anyway.
"
"Thanks. I was just wondering if playing WoW regularly for extensive periods of time wouldn't damage the hardware in the long run. I guess these temperatures are quite low for laptops anyway.
"
"I have not experienced the wireless being any worse than any other mobile device I use, in fact its probably better if anything. I am now on version: 16.5.1.6

I used Acronis TrueImage to clone the HDD that the 7537 came with. It appears to have cloned each partition including the recovery, but I have no idea if it will work. I don't trust it to, hence I have kept the old HDD with all the information it came with and will just be using the space leftover (approx 850Gb) for storage. Therefore I have a safety net. But on that note My Dell Download (which I can't get to work at present)...does anyone know if you can download Windows 8 from here?

Aldo38: I cloned and then did the 8.1 update. The update only took me about 10 minutes and worked perfectly as far as I can tell.

Can anyone find the BIOS update that Ralos referred to. I can't. I have entered my service tag and looked through the downloads. Although Dell's support site including ""My Dell Download"" and the normal drivers area seems to be having issues at present."
"Same for me, I am not able to find any updates. The Dell utility says everything is up to date...
"
"I've found the BIOS update. Above the drivers are two radio buttons. By default ""Filtered driver results is selected"". Clicking on ""All related drivers"" reveals the BIOS update from November 4th. I'll try that this evening.
"
Yes you can get the updated bios here - Driver Details | Dell UK
how far frrom your router is your laptop? What's the farthest you've tried so far?
"The numbers quoted earlier (50+Mb down/33+ up) are in the same or adjacent room to an AP -- so 10'-20'.

Using speedtest.net to the same server for all tests.

It's a little hard for me to do good bandwidth testing as I depend on wireless for family's smartphone (WiFi calling) & tablet usage as well (we live on the edge of the cell coverage area). As a result I have 3 access points throughout my house to allow good roaming coverage.

For these test there were no other active WiFi users at the same time.

I did a test -- same floor, through three interior walls -- about 30' line of sight to one AP, and ~25' through one interior wall to another AP. I got ~33 Mb+ down, 30Mb up.

I went to next floor up over the same area, and bandwidth test results were 29Mb down/25Mb up. (There is no access point on this floor), just one AP above in the attic (~25' line of sight through ceiling, attic floor and one interior wall), and then two on the floor below, where the first tests were run.

Hope this helps a bit.

PS Sorry I did not have the tools out to see if I was running on the 5GHz or 2.4Ghz freq -- I have both set up."
So I have set my eyes on these eyes but I am reluctant. Is there a problem with WiFi or not after all?
"Hi..

I just got my Inspiron 15 7000 a couple of days back.. It is alarming to see that the wifi is so messed up.. it gets connected only if we sit right next to the router. And even if it gets connected, it keeps disconnecting every now and then. And if we move just one room away, then there is no wifi connection at all. I have contacted Dell and as instructed by them I have updated my drivers but it had not helped me. I have tested other devices including my old dell studio 1555 and it all works perfect even my super old nokia e72 has good signal strength but my brand new inspiron 7000 says no signal.. waiting for dell to sort out this issue.."
I'd return it and get a new laptop as soon as possible, don't try to fix it or anything. If it's a new laptop, you shouldn't have to fix what you just bought. So you better return the laptop before it's too late, you can get another one if you want or get a different laptop. If you want suggestions, I'd be happy to give you some.
"Okay now Dell has really pissed me off;
When I orderded the laptop, on the website it said ""expected shipping date 8 nov"". When I finished the order and payed for it, the confirmation email already changed the date to the 15th of november, which in my eyes really is just false info to lure customers. Now I called the customer service, and they confirmed that the estimated shipping date had even changed to the 22th of november. I'm really not happy with this and I'm thinking about canceling my order. I do need it for work, and adding two weeks to the original shipping date is simply unexacceptable"
Same here. Ordered 8/11 - delivery estimate said 12/11. Now order is in production - estimated delivery 22/11. But worth waiting for IMO
"I feel your pain, 

I ordered on 3rd with estimated shipping on the 5th leading me to believe that the laptop must be in stock. After order went through the date changed to the 15th.

It currently shows as having left manufacturing facility in China on the 7th and that is as much info as I can get.

Not sure how they are shipped from China but if it is by boat it's gonna be longer than this Friday to get to me.

Dell's website still shows shipping as 2 days after today's date, what a load of b******s !"
"Yes their estimated shipping is a bald lie. Same story for me, ETA date immediately jumped by a week after placing the order (order verification email vs. date on the site). It is clear that Dell believes that lying to their customers is worth it to lure them in.

For me I wasn't in a big rush, so I waited it out and am pleased with the laptop. But I wish they would have been honest up front - I still would have ordered it."
"It's not the best keyboard ever, but it's decent. I think the keys are a little bit too ""short"", so you have to press them a little harder for the key to actually trigger. The worst one is the space key, I don't know if I'm getting used to it and am already pressing harder, but it looks like I don't have so many missed blanks as I previously had.

I will also probably mount the SSD tomorrow, so I will let you know about the boost I hope to get."
This might not be appropriate to ask here but why did you choose this laptop over the Asus N550JV? This is basically what I am trying to ask myself for the past weeks. Considering both have IPS display, but surely, this Dell has a better looking design and thinner body (5mm or .19 in) and it has better battery life but the Asus has a more powerful CPU. At around $900, I can have an i7 4700MQ, 750M Nvidia and non touch Asus (I'm not really concerned about the touch version) while this thing only has i7 4500U, intel 4400? Thanks.
The main reason I chose the Dell over the Asus was the price here in the UK, with a student discount I got the i7 750m 1TB model for £670 where as the Asus would cost me around £950(touchscreen version). I also like having that extra battery life in exchange for slightly less performance, but if I stick it in high performance it seems to sit at 2.9GHz most of the time anyway and I don't really have the need for the extra cores. Also like you mentioned it does look better and slightly thinner. There also seems to be some throttling issues with the Asus even though it runs quite cool.
where do you go to? I want to transfer there. Hehe. Yeah, If I got that discount, I'd go with the inspiron as well. Thanks. Let me spend a few days thinking.
"It really depends on what your need is, the ASUS has a much more powerful CPU it has twice as many cores and is clocked higher, but it also is using more than 3 times as much power (47w vs 15w) so battery time will be MUCH lower on the Asus.

The graphics on the DELL is also a 750M it even has GDDR5 ram which the Asus doesn't have, it actually makes a lot of difference."
"The Inspiron 7537 is also available with a 750M. In fact, it uses the faster DDR5 version. When gaming at high resolution / details, this should make up for some of the difference in CPU power.

That said, I too had a hard time choosing. Personally, I dislike matte displays, so I disregarded the non-touch N550JV. The IPS panel in the Inspiron should be prettier too, thanks to its wider gamut, but I have yet to see either in person.

So, I ordered the Inspiron 7537 (i7, 750M, 1080p, 1TB) primarily for its €250 lower price tag and potentially better screen and customer service.

The N550JV does have a better keyboard and CPU. I think I can manage without the quad-core, but the keyboard has me a bit worried."
"Well, the reason I am still hesitating to buy it because of the touch screen. I don't mind it there but if I have to pay for something I don't use then it's just absurd. Moreover, the touch panel adds more weight and nearly .1 in thicker for the lap. I want it as thin as possible and at .8in that would be amazing. Maybe I'll wait a little longer till Black Friday to see if I can get a better deal out of this thing. I don't play games so I'm not really interested in the graphics card so I might go with the 899 one. Moreever, I can go straight to a bestbuy store in Delaware which has the lap listed at 879 and don't have to pay any tax. That's like 60 bucks saved for me
Edit: Okay, I just compared the reviews for this and the rMPR 13 i5 and except for gaming, the rMPR is better in every single other aspects. wow."
"If you want to do any gaming at all I wouldn't go with the Mac.
"
"The Inspiron 7537 is also available with a 750M. In fact, it uses the faster DDR5 version. When gaming at high resolution / details, this should make up for some of the difference in CPU power.

That said, I too had a hard time choosing. Personally, I dislike matte displays, so I disregarded the non-touch N550JV. The IPS panel in the Inspiron should be prettier too, thanks to its wider gamut, but I have yet to see either in person.

So, I ordered the Inspiron 7537 (i7, 750M, 1080p, 1TB) primarily for its €250 lower price tag and potentially better screen and customer service.

The N550JV does have a better keyboard and CPU. I think I can manage without the quad-core, but the keyboard has me a bit worried."
"I ordered a Dell too. The game testing that's been done with the Dell seems to show it offering great performance with respect to gaming, outpacing the asus. In fact I ordered the Dell largely because of the ddr5 over the ddr3 which is pretty weak. You have to remember most games are more gpu dependant and that the ULVs are still pretty formidable for most tasks.

Here's an obscure European review http://translate.google.hu/translate...37-teszt-142of the Dell with the weaker i5 but same graphics card, and you can see it averages around 35 fps on ultra for bioshock infinite. Bioshock infinite on the Asus with the full cpu but ddr3 750m only barely goes above 30 fps on medium, according to video testing by one of its reviewers."
"It's been a couple of days since I've started to get random system shutdowns with my Dell 7537. Windows Event Manager says ""Microsoft-Windows-Kernel-Power, Event 41"". Is this happening to anyone else? Do you know what could be the cause?

EDIT: I found the issue. When the PC turns the screen off (because of the power settings option) after 15 minutes, it does not recover. This was an hypothesis, so I set the timeout to 1 minute and waited: the screen turned off and there was nothing I could do but force a shutdown by long pressing the power button."
My 7436 was doing that when I installed 8.1 and was not using the newest HD4400 driver. Once I installed the latest driver the problem went away.
Where did you download that driver from?
"The Dell website has the 8.1 specific drivers now posted. Alternatively you can also get from:

https://downloadcenter.intel.com/Sea...01&FamilyId=39

Choose the Win 8.1 64-bit option."
"Ok, this is weird. I already had the latest driver revision, which is the 10.18.10.3316 (the one on the Intel website). By going back to the 10.18.10.3304 (the one on the Dell website) the problem has disappeared. So the guilty part here is the latest driver revision by Intel, which was probably installed automatically by Windows Update!
Can you please confirm me which driver revision you have? Thank you."
This was my experience as well on the 7537-4340SLV. The problem was fixed by using the Dell provided driver update, not the Intel one. I had the latest driver loaded from Intel's site and still have the problem. Installed the Dell update, which reverted to an earlier version number (but still newer that the one hat came on the laptop), and the problem has disappeared.
But I never upgraded from the Intel website, I guess the update came from Windows Update, so everyone: be careful with what you update, exclude the Intel update for the moment.
I made an xboxlive account on my pc trough the website just a few min ago. Now when I try to log in to it trough my xbox I get somekind of error message. i put name I did Jennifer my email then password. once its all entered i get "this windows live ID is associated with a different gamertag. Enter another windows live ID and password". what in Gods name is it talking about? I even went back online and changed my gamertag then tried to put that as my name same message. Please help I have NO idea what I am doing
Hey Pink! Here are instructions on how to re-download your profile. If that doesn't help out will you let us know what error code you are seeing and provide us the information requested in our Start Here sticky post!
Ok please can you try be more specific the only suggested answer I can give for this reason is if you made an xbox account online then you will need to recover it on the xbox and download the profile you wont need to create an account on the xbox again as you have done this on the web I hope this is what you mean. All The Best,Happy Easter Chris :)
So, I have a similar problem.  But the bigger issue is that now I basically have two accounts, one that was my windows live account and one that is just my account on my XBox.  I want to link those two accounts, merge them if you will.  Is that possible?
Hey ChillyChe! It is not possible to merge to accounts. For more information on WLID issues you should check out our support guide on "Managing your Windows LIVE ID"! For these kind of issues it is usually best to contact phone support as they can better walk you through the process. :)
"Our Xbox 360 S 4GB recently received an update that failed to apply.  Since then, our Xbox can connect to our router and to the internet but cannot connect to Xbox Live.  We have exhaused all the troubleshooting suggestions on the Xbox website.  Our Xbox doesstill have about a month left of warranty, however, to me this issues seems more likely to be a software issue than a hardware issue. Any assistance would beappreciated. Xbox: Xbox 360 S 4GB Country/State: USA/MN Modem brand & model number: Efficient Networks SPEEDSTREAM 5200 Router brand & model number: Linksys WRT54GS Wireless adapter: internal (Xbox 360S) adapter Things tried: Rebooting modem, rebooting router, rebooting x-box, reset xbox to factory settings, retry test x-box live connection. UPnP Enabled: Unknown
NAT error: None Error Codes: None ISP Provider: Frontier Communications  W: 0000 - 0021 X: 0000 - F001
Y: 22A0 - 4000 Z: 8015 - 1002 ID FFFF - FFFF L: 0015 - 10F1 Q: 0015 - 10F1 T: Wireless D: 74.40.74.40,74.40.74.41  S: WEP C: 6"
"Hi, if your console will still reach the dashboard go to settings, system, storage, highlight your storage device and press the following button sequence on your controller LB RB X LB RB X select yes on the next screen, the console will restart and attempt to update again.
-
When you look in the storage section how much free space is your storage device showing ? You will need around 250Mb at least of free space for the update.
-
If all else fails there is the option to update using a USB flash drive or CD as described in the link below.
-
forums.xbox.com/.../166045.aspx"
"Greetings Congruent!
Do you receive an error code when it fails to update the Xbox system software?

Do you have the option where to connect the Xbox directly to the SPEEDSTREAM 5200 modem? If so, unplug the router from the modem and power off the modem for a couple of minutes. Power on the modem and wait one minute for it to connect properly. Connect the Xbox (with an Ethernet cable) to the modem. Power on the Xbox and browse to network settings. Select Configure Network and select the Additional Settings tab. Select Restore network to factory defaults. Press ""B"" on your controller and select Test Xbox LIVE Connection.

Still stuck? Try delete the current update installed on your console and reinstall the update. To do so:

With the Xbox powered off, press and hold the sync button (the small one you use to connect your wireless controllers). While holding press the power button to turn your console on. Continue to hold the sync button until the console is completely booted up.

Go to System Settings and choose storage.

On your controller, press the following button sequence:

    Press the left bumper.
    Press the right bumper.
    Press the X button.
    Press the left bumper.
    Press the right bumper.
    Press the X button. 

Post back and let us know how that goes and we'll go from there. "
The button sequence suggested corrected the problem.  From what I understand is that this sequence removes the current update and then it is reinstalled.  All is well now.  Thank you for your assistance
Hi, that is exactly what that button sequence does, glad it worked out for you.
Glad to hear that you're back up and running again. Happy gaming and play safe! :)
"Hi - very disappointed with BF4 - when the game works it is great but despite having premium (there's $70 I have wasted) , lost all progress in campaign, have not been able to access a bf server for days, when I do get in often drops out and or freezes. as this is my week of leave before going back to work and this was going to be my relax time - very disappointed.
AND china rising map wont load despite it telling me i have paid for it.
my back up is ghosts but that pales after youve had a taste of what BF can deliver (if it worked!)"
I hear you.. Last night I played 5 games of conquest (approx 1 1/2 hrs) needing only 1200 points for my next rank which was rank 5, I went back to the lobby to check my standings and still needed 1200 points to get to rank 5..I'm having a blast playing the game, but i would like to rank up so i can acquire the unlocks..
Yeah I can only agree the nr of bugs you find on BF4 is disapointing especially considering the rate of Progress they do.5patches later and the game still isent at a point where I whould considere it ready to sell in stores.Anyway I actually just found another bug I hadent exp before the other day.It was a bit funny actually except in the end you die.I dont know if anyone else has ever exp it.I was shooting my silenced sniper in Flood Zone,and for the love of god I swear I could not shoot one strait shot.Clip after clip not a single shot hit the target I was aimimg for.Every single shot whould sway of to the side,and curb like crazy.I dont know what was going on,but something was deffinately wrong
I would like too see you being forced by gunpoint, working on a video game that's has to be finished in 19 days. The update will come soon.
"Three of us tried to get into games last night for an hour and couldn't. The server list said maybe 5/20 with (15) queued to get into the game. So empty games and people can't get in, ridiculous. This was what most of the servers looked like. We just ended up playing Ghosts. We also tried to bring a party into the game but this was a disaster. We're so disappointed with BF4 now. Whatever about being in a glitchy game, we can un-happily live with, but not even being able to get into a game in the first place is a total disaster!. This has only happened in the last five or six days. If it's not sorted out this week we will be bringing them back to the shop for a refund.
It's such a shame, we were really looking forward to playing BF4. We love BF3.
SpicyNachoz: there is no excuse for not being able to get into a game. Your comment is weak and doesn't add anything to the thread. Being forced at gunpoint? Really? 19 Days? They were working on it for two years!"
Is anyone else having problems with BF4 freezing there Xbox 360 up I just got the game yesterday and it bricked up 6 times since then.
"My Xbox 360 freezes up at least once per hour if I am playing conquest.  Usually once the match ends and before the next match starts.  I haven't had this problem in TD, but conquest is my favorite game mode and it is really frustrating.  I love the gameplay, but can't believe they would release this unstable of a game.  The menus and kits are also glitchy, the audio never works at the beginning of a match, I could go on...
How many years have they been working on it?  How many millions of dollars did they spend developing and marketing it?
I'm not sure why we put up with this, but I guess I am part of the problem because I am still playing.  For now..."
Conquest is the only game mode I play only had a couple freezes after my post might be because I cleared the Cache on the HDD but it is a very buggy game love playing it though hope it gets fixed soon.
How do you clear the cache on the HDD?  I just play TD to level up my guns because I'm almost always in a vehicle for conquest and don't get many kills with my guns in conquest.
"Issues with your Xbox 360 console can often be resolved by removing temporary files and data from the system cache. The cache stores such items as game updates, system update installation packages, and gamer pictures of your friends.
Clearing the Xbox 360 cache does not remove:
Your gamertag
Content that you have downloaded
Game files
Console software updates
Clearing the cache temporarily removes:
Previously downloaded game updates. You will be prompted to download these updates again the next time you try to play the games.
To clear the system cache

Press the Guide button on your controller, go to Settings, and select System Settings.
Select Storage or Memory.
Highlight any storage device, and then press Y on your controller. (It doesn't matter which storage device you select; the cache will be cleared for all storage devices.)
Select Clear System Cache.
When prompted to confirm storage device maintenance, select Yes.
"
Thanks for the instructions.  So I cleared the cache on my hard drive and joined a game of rush. Nothing special, we kept getting pushed back, but I was doing OK...until...lost connection with EA.  OK, that had never happened on this game before but at least I didn't have to restart xbox.  Joined a game of conquest, doing alright and we win big, nope froze up before it could bring up scoreboard...  This sucks.  I love playing the game but am losing my patience with their complete lack of respect for their customers for not fixing this already.  I could understand if they were surprised at the launch, but they have had many months to fix the problems.  I can just picture the execs right now saying "who cares...they already bought the game.  We can fix it eventually.  No need to go crazy and pay overtime or anything."
"Okay, we have all been In bad CoD Spawns before. But, CoD Ghosts Spawns... Are Terrible! Theres just No Other way to put It. On a Free For All Game on the Map Freight, The Count Down Started and a guy Spawned Literally Right IN FRONT OF ME! I easily got first blood. On Team Death Matches I Spawn In the middle of the Map almost every time I die, If I die. 
*WHEN WILL IT BE FIXED?"
FFA is notorius for bad spawns and its always been that way. TDM and other "team" games have very controllable spawns, of course you have to be playing with your team or in a party. If your team is spread around the map, spawns will be chaotic. I think the spawns are CoD-like and fine. Either adjust or play SnD.
Spawns were NEVER this bad! I now only play S&R because of the spawns SUCK! But even yesterday I was spawned RIGHT INFRONT of someone on the other team and they won S&R because the spawn sucked!! I didn't have any issues in mw2 or mw3
Spawns are always the worst at the beginning, and they work on them continuously to try to improve them. They have improved on ghosts since release, and I expect them to improve more, the more time and data the devs get. I think there is always going to be times where a spawn seems inexplicable, but I don't think ghosts as any worse than previous COD's.
I think it's safe to say that I got over the spawn system after coming to the realisation that I can't do anything about it and it's better to just accept it and move on
I seem to spawn in enemy LOS quite a lot in this game regardless of the game mode. I don't recall that happening in previous titles (at least not often enough for me to remember it) unless it was a spawn trap. These enenmy LOS respawns haven't been due to a spawn trap. The spawns are one of my biggest dislikes in the game and enough to keep me away from it.
"I've been playing battlefield 4 all week.  It's no better in that game.  The maps are huge and I will still spawn ten feet in front of an enemy.  There is this one map with a huge building in the middle.  Once the snipers get on top of the building you spawn out on the perimeter of the map with no cover.  You have to run zig zag for 50 meters....and then there is only one or two way up top.  Those are covered with claymores, their secondary shotgun and they have respawn beacons to spawn back up top if you do get lucky enough to pick off the top of their helmet.  All of the issue in COD are in battlefield.  The only difference is the huge maps, clunky controls and large amount of recoil covers up the games errors.  Both games are a lot of fun.  Both games have issues.  Where do you expect to spawn in games with 12-20 people on little maps?  Bad spawns will happen.
"
When your team camps in one spot and you die. U spawn by the enemy and get killed again is because of camping by your team mates. If you spawn where one of your team is camping and then you both die, then you and your team are in position of getting spawn killed.  If u have not figure the spawn system out yet, go play something else and stop whining about spawn killing. You can avoid getting spawn killed, like I do all the time and still win.
stop mashin X as soon as you die.........
"Believe it or not, but YOU and YOUR TEAMATES control your spawns and the enemy spawns. CoD spawns are and have always been very easily manipulated. The key is playing with a team/full party. ONE person on your team going into the enemy spawn will mess all the spawns up. I will also mention that this is CoD. And that means that people want action and they want it now, so that means there will be some ""revenge"" spawns, meaning once you kill someone they may spawn near you again, IF your team is spread around the map.
"
"at least in battlefield you can choose where to spawn. you can spawn on any of your squadmates . and in conquest you can choose to spawn on any base your team controls. or you can spawn your home base that more times than not has a vehicle you can get in and avoid any snipers and get back in the action faster! hardly the same!
"
"Having issues logging into Xbox music with a different windows live account. 
Have Win 8 rtm - 64bit
Zune pass 
I login to Windows 8 with a windows live account, we will call it ""WindowsLogin @ Hotmail . com""  to sync all setting and messages.
My Zune pass account and Xbox Id is under a different user Id: we will call it ""XboxLogin @ Hotmail . com""
When I launch Xbox music, I cannot specify the account I want to use.  When I click on ""login"" in upper right hand corner, It will use the ""WindowsLogin @ Hotmail . com"" account with no option to change. 
I need to be able to specify the Xbox Music login to use my  ""XboxLogin @ Hotmail . com"" so the app will use my Zune Pass information and stream all music.  
The Zune desktop app would let one specify the account to use.  "
"What i had to do was crate a local profile.    it warns you about sync when it is done you have to sign in to each piece rather than using your live account. so messaging can have one live account. music another. apps another.. etc
i have x86 i dont know if it is the same for RT
you can change it under PC settings and Users tab.
hope that works for everyone. :)"
"Decided today that i wanted to play CoD 4 again so i went out, bought a 360 and a copy of the game, got home and the multiplayer game mode list is empty?

Someone said on Twitter that they've shut the servers down, any truth to this?"
No the servers are not closed but the game is completely ruined by modders.
It's about the same with WaW. Most players have moved on to the latest COD game. If there are any players, it is either the die hard core players or modders that's left, and they mostly play TDM, HTDM, or SnD modes.
Ghosts was modded before release.
That and a huge chunk of the community moved on to other games.
I was wondering how I get 5 stars on my profile because my previous xbox live account had 5 and when I made this one I have 3. Does it change overtime? or do people I game with somehow rate me on my player skills?
They rate you when you play multiplayer games. You can rate other people to.
Mayoman95 is right you have to get a few friends to leave positive feedback on your profile or if you play online someone might leave good feedback.
I'd recommend going for two stars. Two stars is way more unique then 5 stars. ;)
You could ask your xbox live friends to leave you a review but they probably can't be bothered.
It's something I don't really look at to be honest, and it's never bothered me yet, some people like me and others don't same goes the other way, just because someone rates you badly doesn't make you bad.
what i dont understand is how the rep system works. i have had my account for 4 years and have 5 stars. yet my avoidance rate is at (the last i looked at it) 81% avoided. the main reason it is that high is because for a while all i played was the MP in COD and played the way i wanted to play regardless of anyones opinion of what i used (i was a OMA tuber that didnt camp). when i avoided someone, it said that the review i give would NOT effect the players rep at all. so i want to know what is the point of a rep system if the only way to effect it is by positive feedback? would it not make sense to have both positive and negative feedback effect the rep?
I was wondering with that as well, can anyone help me out??
I haven't reached 5 stars yet due to not playing that much online. I also have a 100% preferred rep going right now, mainly due to me not being the best or worst on the games I've played online, thus no one notices or cares enough about me to give me any rep, good or bad LOLOLOL.
"It's a little confusing and misunderstood. Think of it this way, the Stars are from the accumulation of all Players you have encountered. Both those that have never given any Rep (Avoid or Prefer) that you encounter along with those that provide Rep.

What does that mean? Your Rep Avoided and Preferred Percentages are from those that provide Feedback from giving you Rep. The Stars come from all of the Players you encounter. 

Let's say someone makes a brand new Profile/ Account and they go and play some Multi-player. Let's just say they play with 30 other Players and then stop playing. Now if only one person provides Feedback as Rep (either Avoid or Prefer) their Stars will still go up. That's because that's 29 other Players that left no Rep. It is viewed and calculated as 29 no Rep, 1 Rep. The 29 ""out-way"" the 1. And hence their Stars will go up.

Now, if the same scenario occurred with all 30 Players providing Avoided Rep, the Stars actually will go down. All it would take though to go back up would be playing with 30 other Players and only one Player to leave any Rep. In short, Prefer was designed to severely out-way Avoid for Stars themselves. Basically, if you play with other Players and even a few small handful only leave Rep (Avoid or Prefer), your Stars will go up. It would take just about every single Player you have ever met to leave Avoid and the Stars go down. Even if a small few left none it would negate a large number of those that left Avoid Rep.

Hope that makes sense..."
I ordered an item but received an email 2 days later to say I had been refunded as the artlcle had been returned. I have not received the article and still want it. 
I cannot find the books I have purchased for my Kindle. They are missing. Where the heck are ARCHIVES? I can find no such category anywhere. Very unhappy.
An order was placed this morning by someone else and charged to my account. I tried to cancel but they said no guarantee
I have an amazon prime account and was about to place and order ( 11:45pm Tuesday January 14) and it said I would receive my items on Monday January 20th. How is this two day shipping? This isn't the first time this has happened. Why am I paying for free 2 day shipping and not getting it?
I cancelled the day after the trial period ended, will I get a refund?
I am a prime member and placed an order on 01/14/14 and my ship date is 01/20/14. The items were in stock and prime eligible. The two day shipping should be 01/16/14. Why the difference.
If i buy the new album on amazon, can i download it to my nokia lumia and play it on that device? And how ?
about to update internet allowance from my ISP and want to ensure will have sufficient capacity to download books for wife. a rough idea of the need of say a Catherine Cookson book would b appreciated.
Why is my trade in UPS shipping label not printing. It keeps saying try later. Whats up with that!
Just wondering if I can highlight as I read in a rented textbook?
How do I delete my shopping cart?
We're customers, you don't have an account with us. If you bought them from Zappos, you need to talk to Zappos about exchanging them and how they'll handle this.
how do you communicate a problem with amazon to amazon?
Although I try to deliver a book to windows 8 in order to read it, the book continues to go the cloud reader, why? How do I deliver it to windows 8
kindle edition can I use this for anything other then a kindle item.Can I find out when the money was added.
I downloaded a statement from an email. I cannot figure out how to find it. Please help. And if you haven't figured it out I am not tech savvy!
Can I transfer files from my Kindle Fire HD 7" to a Fire HDX 8.9"? 
How do I disconnect my account?
I am trying to purchase a pair of shoes called dc villains color white/pink/silver sz9, when I do it bounces me to the black & blue ones?? I tried it on another pair to see if it does the same thing & it does. They do not say there not in stock. What can I do to get the ones I want? 
"Trying to place an order over $35 and retailmenot says it might be free shipping but does not come up free?
Item is over $35. Advice? "
Basically, for no obivous reason (i.e. buying something), Amazon has charged me 50 cents everyday for the past week. Why?
how do you delete if you no longer want titles to appear on home screen
When I get to the end of a book, I can't get back to my library. The book just stays on the last page. I am using a Samsung tablet.
I want to purchase 18 used copies of Julius Caesar / No Fear Shakespeare to use with my high school Special Ed. English class. Is there a way to find sellers that have more than one copy in order to save on shipping?
I have an Amazon account and an Audible.com account. My husband purchased an Amazon.com gift card knowing that Amazon now owned Audible believing the gift card could be used at either or both. I noticed that when I entered another visa "gift card" on audible it also appeared on amazon - what?????????????? So what's up guys? Can't you make ALL gift cards work on both accounts?
I received notice of an order zg2844462. I do not recognize this and cannot find out anything about it. Please help! Thank you
did I place my order properly? the item that was 'in cart' was correct, but not quite sure that i did it properly. this is 1st time I've ordered something.
mistakenly buy a phone locked to Sprint, I would like to know how to unlock it, since the seller does not answer my mails
I have a I pad. And I would like to know if I can download a book from amazon to this Apple I pad ?
For a suspicious E-mail
Can't get my order to come up
How do I get in contact with Buy-Batteris to use my warrantee?
I sent in two books to trade in, the status of the package is delivered but the gift card wasn't put on my account yet. It shows that the package was received on the 11th of January. When will the gift card be put on my account?
Concerning sales tax, I haven't been charged sales tax on items that were purchased directly from Amazon (other than specific suppliers or sellers who were located within my state) but this order had sales tax on the purchase. This particular order indicated Amazon as the supplier and not a specific company. Why the sales tax on this particular order....
Thanks,
When I login to Amazon Cloud Player for PC using my Amazon account, it does not show my mp3 files I purchased. It says "Oops! We had a temporary hiccup. (Error 407) Please try again." How do I resolve this?
Whenever I try to open a certain book to read, it brings up an error message saying invalid item, please remove from library and add again. So I do that, but still no luck. Any suggestions?
where is my stuff. Contact help is not working!!
I note on my Discover card a charge of $79.00 for AmazonPrime Membership. I did not order this!!!!! Would you please check on this for me and let me know what is going on.
I am trying to RENT the paperback copy of International Marketing 16th Edition (ISB 978-0-07-352997-4) but cannot activate the RENT button. Please let me know if this is available to rent thru May 31st. I purchase all my books for my son thru Amazon. Thank you for your quick response.
Can I play Prime movies on my laptop and export to my non-smart hd-tv?
A lot of people got gift cards for the holidays. Searching for products available on Amazon that will fit into a $80 VISA gift card, for example, is sort of difficult, especially when you are open to pretty much any category. Is there a feature where you can enter an amount and it will display a list of all items (with shipping) that will fit onto that gift card, sorted by popularity, then by category?
I was unaware of when I would switch to the year membership until my debit card was charged. I immediately logged in and canceled my subscription becuase I definetly did not want the year subscription. The screen said I would recieve a refund with the amount. How quickly will that refund be made? The money that was in the account was for my wedding dress THIS weekend. The quicker the better. I also think that the switch should not be automatic to prevent situations like this from happening.
how to delete dictionaries
I'm not able to add any items to my shopping cart. Every time I try to add something it asks me to sign in. I can login to my account, but I can't purchase anything. Any ideas
So I'm trying to send something to someone on their wishlist. However when I add an item from it and go to ship it asks me to choose one of my addresses and not send it direct to the address she has in her wish list (She's checked)... What am I doing wrong.
"
""Empty Battery"" message on Kindle Keyboard model.Tried 2 different chargers but yellow light comes on for 10 seconds and quits. Charging not happening and sliding switch and holding 1 minute does nothing! Help please. "
I want to make return but I can't choose Reason for return (not working).I tryed to click button "Contact Us" but there is no information, only this message "Unexpected E-mail from Amazon? If you received an e-mail regarding an order you didn't place, the e-mail likely wasn't from Amazon.com. Please send the e-mail as an attachment to stop-spoofing@amazon.com. For more information, go to Report a Phishing or Spoofed E-mail."
After every order I place about 2 weeks later, I receive a bogus email with an attachment regarding a bogus order. Today: RE: Users ID IDG7060V from supportjaxokomis@amazonays.net with Attachment: 55G45.transact_store.zip. Has Amazon been hacked (ie. Target and Nieman Marcus)? Not sure I will be ordering anything anytime soon!
I ordered a set of Starlite Creations 12' mini rope multi color. They would not light and we tried everything. So, I sent them back and ordered a used set. Same thing. I don't feel like having to go to UPS again and send it back. Yet, I want a working set. They are about $20!!! Frustrating. Can't find a number for them. Sent out by Warehouse Deals which is all over the Ripoff pages.
I think it would be really useful to have the possibility to have a Cue Point Lock/unlock button somewhere in order to avoid accidentally adding of cue points during the set, it happens to me very often.
also cue points with labels, where i can have the cursor over that cue point and I'm able to read the comments that i wrote for that cue point. Example Cue point 1 "Start Vocals.." Cue Point 2 "32 Bars Left start mix..."
"Seems like I wasn't the only one thinking about cue point ""labels""
Most of the time, I only have a Load, Grid and Fade in/fade out marker, but sometimes I add cue points with different purposes. When the track is playing, there is no way to check the cue points, so a cue point pop up would be nice"
 In my point of view, also users of Traktor F1 could do it even better than this Midi controller. I'm not saying that Native Instruments must to adapt a Remix Deck into a Step Sequencer like this video, I want to say that Native Instruments should to create a new Type of Deck, for example called: Step Sequencer Deck or even could call it Maschine Deck. In this deck we'll have a complete new Step Sequencer to use with the Kontrol F1. Native Instruments have all the necesary to do it and they know very well al the process of Step Sequencing with other software: Maschine. Why don't they do?? 
Can you integrate Maschine as a type of Traktor deck in the same way like you can choose either remix deck, track deck or live input? That would be much easier instead of doing that Traktor to Ableton connection or other MIDI routing.
At this point I think even just allowing us to route audio virtually out of maschine, and in to a live input deck would be acceptable. Personally, I would like to see all Native Instruments products be eventually able to be routed virtually in to Traktor. The only way this is possible at the moment is by physically routing cables out of, and back in to, an external audio interface or the S4 (Which is a pain in bum for setting up in a club). Or, you can route Maschine out the main output of your controller, but then you have no access to FX, filters, faders, EQ, etc.
Its possible to do this type of routing virtually using Jack Router. Its core to my setup (I run Maschine through a live deck input in Traktor so I can transition between different drum patterns using Traktor effects).
Not real crazy about using Jack. I have a Motu UltraLite mk3 Hybrid. I send 10 channels via Firewire. I route the Returns channels from the MOTU into Traktor input channels. Viola, can now use Traktor effects, EQ, fader to integrate audio mixing from Maschine and VDMX5 (which I use for my video). Really nice feature is using the onboard DSP of the MOTU for fine EQ tuning and dynamic sound processing (compressor, reverb). Removes a huge load of processing from my iMac. The unit is ~$550 but worth every nickel!! Speaking of which just my $0.02.
Actually just saw what was Serato and The Bridge to Ableton integration which looked amazing, too bad it's being fazed out. Something like that for Maschine and Traktor would be nice (loved if NI took over The Bridge integration now that Serato is no longer supporting it since a number of high profile Traktor DJs integrate Live with Traktor ad-hoc already) however I assume NI sees that interfering with F1 sales and the Remix Decks which frankly IMHO are inferior to Maschine and Live integration.
"I would love to have the tracks or a color of some kind. To show different bpms of tracks.
Maybe a Range?
So 0-90 bpm number would be yellow
90-100 bpm green
100-130 red."
nice, but color ranges should be custom. I dont play anything below 120bpm, and most of my music is in the 128~154bpm range.
"I would definitely like to see the ability to associate track colors.
Just my thoughts on this:
- Customizable association
-- BPM ranges
---- Set Custom Ranges and associate a color to it

-- Energy Level/Mood of a track
---- Set Categories and associate a color for each

-- Star Rating
---- Link Color based on how many stars a track has
"
"the color should also be set with a user defined function.
So you can set the color depending on the value of other fields - like in MS Excel."
automatic playlists are (almost) a pre-requisite for your suggestion. imo, it would be a immense waste to introduce a scripting language just for the colors in the browser list as opposed to making it available for playlist generation as well.
How about just something simple. Like being able to highlight the most frequently played or Faves if you will. My mainstream playlist is about 2000 plus. I'd like to be able to highlight the current hits or remixes I use the most. This would make browsing much faster in my case.
The ability to "highlight" certain tracks (using any color you'd like) could be used for a multitude of different things. Sometimes even just a "HEY, REMEMBER ME? PLAY ME!" sorta thing.
Ideally it would be saved in the ID3, so you could use other software (mixed in key, mp3tag etc) to set your tags and Traktor would read & apply the color.
"I agree with some of the posts (not all) that there should be more colour options in the browser. 
First off the icons (played, Preparation List, etc) should all have different colours so they stand out.

Being able to apply colours to certain tracks is an old request and a good one. 
"
Has anyone solved how to get led feedback to correspond with specific actions, such as GREEN for LOOPS, BLUE for CUES, ORANGE/RED for FADE INS/OUTS? Another issue concerning the MIDI OUT for LED feedback is when I assign a midi out for hotcue1 for example, all the hotcue buttons 1-8 light up, although I'm only triggering one of the hot cue buttons ...
"Hey guys! I typed up an answer for this question a few days ago, but I guess the forum ""ate"" my post, so here we go again:

The most likely cause for having all the LEDs come on when you press one hotcue is using duplicate for the hotcue 1 mapping output, instead of selecting hotcue 1, 2, 3, etc.. separately when mapping. There is also a condition you need to add.

Before we get started, I own a maschine first generation, not a MK2, so I was not able to test the color outputs.

I'm going to make the following assumptions:
1. Color mode: HSB in controller editor allows numerical MIDI input to select pad colors.
2. Color numbers match pad numbers.
13 = RED 14 = ORANGE 15 = LIGHT ORANGE 16 = WARM YELLOW
9 = YELLOW 10 = LIME 11 = GREEN 12 = MINT
5 = CYAN 6 = TURQUOISE 7 = BLUE 8 = PLUM
1 = VIOLET 2 = PURPLE 3 = MAGENTA 4 = FUSCIA
0 = OFF"
You need to map ONLY hotcue type output. Do not map an output for select/set store hotcue!
"in order for buttons to light up and reflect cues you need to map houtcue x type. in order for the buttons to actually trigger the cue you need to map select/set+store hotcue as well.

i would also like the button to dim when being pressed. in order to do that i need to add an 'out' for select/set+store hotcue. all this should do is send a midi on/off on the same midi ch+note that was used to trigger the cue."
"To save your Traktor settings information, click the big ""export"" button on the lower left hand corner of the Traktor Preferences window. 
"
"Ok, without the ncm2, I couldn't really see where all your buttons are, but I did find this:

You have a Maschine MKII mapping and MaschineGunFunk mapping.

You mapped Hotcue 1 type outputs, just like I wrote in my previous post. This is all correct. 

You mapped select/set/store hotcue, delete hotcue, and hotcue 1 type outputs all to Ch01.Note.C0. This is also correct. 

If you look at Ch01.Note.C0, it is also mapped to Modifier#1 output in the Maschine MKII mapping, with the controller range of 0 to 7. This means that pad will always be on, regardless of what the MaschineGunFunk mapping sends.

You need to make sure the mappings don't send interfering commands on the same channel / CC numbers. To test your MaschineGunFunk mapping independently, temporarily disable the MKII mapping by setting the in-port and out-port to ""none"" for that mapping."
"
I found this video on youtube that explains multi-color hotcue outputs. It's for the APC-40, but it should work exactly the same on maschine mk2. Just make sure your lights are in HSB color mode).

[ame=""http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnuKOJUD7ws""]How to map APC-40 video[/ame]"
I'm fairly new to Traktor and DJing, but I'm trying to figure out to use one shot samples in a practical way. When I use my Denon MC3000 to trigger a one shot sample via a remix deck, I must hit the button again after it has played through in order to "turn off" the sample. Only then can I press the button to play the sample again. Is there any way to make it so that the sample buttons work like cue point buttons? That is, when they are pressed, they play the beginning of the sample everytime, and don't need to be pressed a second time before they are ready to be used again?
"Don't know the unit or your version of Traktor but guessing you need to change the assignment of that control from toggle to hold.
prefs>controller manager>select your device then find the control that's relevant to the button you want to use."
"I have the same problem. I use S4 and Traktor Scratch Pro 2.60. In version 2.1.2 you could map it like this:

Retrigger Play - Button - Hold
Deck Play - Button - Direct - Set To Value 0"
I also need help on this. One shot is not working even if i use an additional controller.
"Hi
I use the AA VMS4.1 controller with an internal soundcard. The problem is that, no matter what I do, the mix recorder doesn't work. I tried the external mode with my outputs configured in 1 channel and trying to get the input from there but that doesn't seem to work. I also tried to use the inernal mode but it doesn't record me anything, but I can see that the main is highlighted, not as the mix recorder. I think i have everything well configured because I can mix properly. Pls help me, I'm so ******* desesperated."
"If you mix in internal mode and thus don't have any external sources, then you should just record using INTERNAL mode.

Can we assume you have a full license for Traktor Pro 2 - as the recording function is disabled in the Demo and LE versions.

Also check that the Mix recording directory exists, or try recording to your desktop - as sometimes folder permissions get in the way or you might have a broken link.
"
"I checked that and it's non of these things, I mix in external mode. I tried the internal and the external modes for recording and i doesn't work. I use the internal soundcard from de vms4 which is a external source. Thnx for the help.
"
"Did you try INTERNAL Mixing mode with INTERNAL Recording?

Post screenshots of your Output Routing, Input Routing and Mix Recording preferences."
"Hey,

If you're having problems with DPC spikes on your Dell studio series (1535/1737 or 1735/1737) laptop....

Please place a support call with Dell and place your reference number in here.

I want to collect all the data and make sure the issue is resolved without charge to users.
"
"Breakthrough!

Found this posting on the net, http://forum.sysinternals.com/forum_posts.asp?TID=837&PID=23533

I downloaded and ran Process Explorer. I suspended the acpi.sys thread under system and the spikes IMMEDIATELY disappeared in the DPC latency checker.

So I will have to speak with Dell again today and track down where the problem is."
Make sure to leave your on wireless, etc before you suspend the acpi.sys thread or you won't be able to turn it back on until you resume it.
"Audio is nice and cleaaaannnn now.

YAAAAY!

Software, firmware and bios updates are in order!"
Mate I hate to say I told you so, but.... This problem in most cases in acpi.sys caused by a slow polling routine for power state. Having talked to a few hardware guys in the years this has been going on, the chances of getting this fixed with a BIOS upgrade are extremely slim to none.
"There is an acpi reg fix in the ms kbase but it didn't work.

I'm just happy there is an easy workaround. Suspend the thread before using TS Pro and then resume when I'm done.
"
"Is it easy to suspend ACPI.SYS?

Is spiking during DCP latency checker on a new lap top a system fault?"
"It's quite simple.

You will need to download and install the Microsoft debugging suite. However, it will directly lead you there so you can download and install it."
The spikes are of the charts! I returned Dell from Hell and Im considering a Mac. What do you think? Is this good enough to run TSP?: 
"1. Install the debugging suite and reboot.
2. Extract the process explorer application.
3. Launch the DPC checker tool
4. Launch Process Explorer
5. Double Click on the System Node in the Process Explorer
6. Locate the acpi.sys thread (It was #152 on my system, it could be different for you)
7. Click on it so it's highlighted
8. Click suspend
9. Check DPC latency tool graph to see if the spikes have stopped."
Could you please keep me posted on the replies you get from Dell? If they adress this issue, Dell is a nice choice for Scandinavians (seriously reduced price in respect to what you get for the bucks.)
"OK tried it out. Only found 2 threads: acpi.sys+0xf9fc and acpi.sys!DeregisterOpregionhandler+ox364e

Was unable to suspend either of these. Got the following error message: Unable to access thread, system can not find specified file.
"
"The first thread mound be the one to suspend.

However did you install the debugging stuff first and reboot?"
"Hard to say. It only states my name as one user and the ""others"" as other users?

How can I be sure that I have admin access?"
"This thread provides information about upcoming patches for Traktor. It will be updated whenever new information becomes available.

---------
The currently available software version is 2.6.8. Please make sure that your installation is up to date.
--------


No information currently available on the next update.
"
Updated to reflect upcoming 2.5.1 update and CDJ awesomeness ;)
Updated to reflect 2.6.1 release.
Just upgraded to 5s and everything works great, except my camera takes pictures, but nothing shows up on my camera roll.
My husband and I share an Apple ID and are separating accts, but don't want to lose my contacts
I have an unlocked iphone 4 with 7.1 installed. It was working fine until I treid to change my sim card. It shows sim failure then invalid sim. How do I fix it? 
my voicemail from provider was enabled but I cannot setup greeting in voicemail in phone tap. Please assist me asap. 
PLEASE HELP! My new iphone 5s is making me nuts. I tried to install old apps from my 3GS onto my new 5S through itunes. Everything went well but then the apps do not correctly install. Now they apps do not install correctly and are like a dim grey colour. They do not unistall when you hold the icon and X it out and do not install? I can not get rid of them from itunes or from the home screen on phone? I dont care about my old aps now. I just want them off my phone screen!? Please help if you have any constructive suggestions?
How can I clear the white squares on the top of the screen?
"Is it possible to convert a voice memo from my iphone into a text file/word document?
 
I want to interview someone and am lazy so dont want to have to type it up afterwards.
 
Is this possible?
 
What are the options?
 
any advice welcome.
 
Russ "
When I woke up this morning, all my email had been marked read, meaning I have no unread email count... Before I went to bed it was around 534...what happened?
Someone read through your email while you were asleep - possible on another device or computer with access to your email account (IMAP or Exchange accounts).
Hi I forgot my password, so I cannot open my iphone, please help
iOS: Forgotten passcode or device disabled after entering wrong passcode
How do I get iOS 4.3 for my iPhone 3G?
I bought a new iPhone 5c i bought it 3/24/14 at 7:50 i was wondering if i could exchange it for an iPhone 5s since i have a iphone5c
"You cannot exchange it but you could return it and buy an iPhone 5S if you are within 15 days from the day you bought it.  However the 15 days have now expired so you cannot return the iPhone.
 
Where did you buy the iPhone?  Perhaps the seller has a more beneficial return period than Apple.  You might check with them anyway although I doubt it."
"My iPhone 5s got locked because i forgot the passcode:(
Is there any chance that i can unblock it without erasing any of my data?(i never synced it with iTunes or backed it up)
PLEASE HELP ME I REALLY DONT WANT TO LOSE ANY OF MY DATA PLEASE!"
"Use this article: iOS: Forgotten passcode or device disabled after entering ...
 
However, odds are that if you never backed it up to iCloud or iTunes, your data will be lost.
This is an example of why backing up your data is so important.  Best of luck."
I downloud app but i can't found it in my purchased
My whats app keeps hanging. I have install and uninstall like 10 x and nothing works. So frustrating
My iphone says it's playing music but the volume slider is there but it won't let me move it it doesn't work when I put head phones in either some time it will play for about 2 seconds out loud then go off again but still says it's playing in my screen. The sound on my videos is the same but Siri and phone calls are fine! help!!
forget my security questions
"Alternatives for Help Resetting Security Questions and/or Rescue Mail
 
     1. If you have a valid rescue email address, then use this procedure:
         Rescue email address and how to reset Apple ID security questions.
 
     2. Fill out and submit this form. Select the topic, Account Security. You must
         have a Rescue Email to use this option.
 
     3. This is the only option if you do not already have a valid Rescue Email.
         These are telephone numbers for contacting Apple Support in your country.
         Apple ID- Contacting Apple for help with Apple ID account security. Select
         the appropriate country and call. Ask to speak to the Account Security Team."
Will I loose my voicemail that is saved if I restart my phone?
I cannot update my apps. There are four updates and cannot update any of them.
"Hi there Shafqat Oshma,
 
You may want to try force closing all open apps and resetting the device as an initial troubleshooting step. Take a look at the articles below for more information.
 
iOS: Force an app to close
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht5137
 
Turn your iOS device off and on (restart) and reset
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1430
 
-Griff W."
"I have windows 8.1 and already synced the phone to itunes but now i have no idea how to put phones on my computer to my iphone 4, and 
scan media"" isn't working for me beacause nothing happens when i press it."
The following has instructions on how to use iTunes to sync (copy) photos from a computer to an iPhone: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4236
"hello,
 
yesterday when my sisters play with my iphone 5, him have deleted some important photo for me. My question is it's possible recover that wthout any backup or icloud backup??
 
Thanks"
As I know, If the photo deleted, it still store in iPhone, if it isn't overwritten by other data, you can recover the deleted iPhone photos, you can search in google to find a tool to help you, I holp you make a backup with iTunes or iCloud, then follow this from Apple: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1766
"Dear all , i want to lock my applications , e.g. messages, whats up , mails etc. how to do it.
Thanks"
You don't, as such is not a feature of the iOS. Rather, you passcode protect the whole phone.
it has a 1 sec delay on the camera shutter
have been trying to download 7.1 and it fails and fails and fails with no explanation.  Don't know why?
Are you doing this over the air (i.e, by going to Settings > General > Software Update) or via iTunes?
"I uploaded some images today from my iphone 5 and discovered several are only 960x1280 instead of the full
resolution 3264x2448. It seems when I sent the photos by MMS or Facebook message the phone PERMANENTLY resized the images overwriting the high res originals.
 
I consider this a major bug.
 
Is there a way to recover the high res images?"
When you import photos to your computer, the resolution is not changed. When you send by MMS, your carrier, as all do, resizes the images.
how do i delete remimders in the top box? i dont know how to add a picture
"Read this help:
http://help.apple.com/iphone/7/#/iph88463e18"
I took some photos on holiday and when I connected to my computer they were saved but I don't know to where.  They've also been deleted from my phone.    I'm really confused about which way the syncing goes as I recently accidentally deleted a whole load of photos when I actually thought I was savingthem to my computer.  Can anyone help, please?
why wont my 3g work on my iphone 4 using ios7.1?
screen went black
thanks for sharing.
"RESET DEVICE
Hold down the Sleep/Wake button and the home button together until the apple logo appears (ignore the ON/OFF slider) then let both buttons go and wait for device to restart (no data will be lost)."
i recently got a new phone and no longer have my iphone. i cant get any messages on my new phone from anybody that uses imessage since imessage is attached to my number and i dont have the iphone anymore. how can i disable it without having possesion of the phone? somebody please help
"I restored my iPhone 4 from backup and iTunes showed me: iTunes could not backup the iPhone ""xxx..."" because the backup session failed.""
Please help!
Thank you for your reply!"
"Troubleshooting Backup Issues
 
http://support.apple.com/kb/ts2529"
"I lost the landscape view??  The view I once got by turning the iPhone 5c sideways.  I believe that it had something to do with my playing around in Setting with the Text Size and Accessibility settings but I'm not sure about that?
 
Is there a way to reset this capability or choose default settings?"
Follow these steps to fix it: http://support.apple.com/kb/ts3805
cant activate iphone
"Is there a sim in the iPhone?
 
Has the iPhone been jailbroken or modified to work with other
than the original wireless provider?
 
What does it say when you look at Settings=>General=>About=>Carrier?
 
What is the exact wording of any error message received?"
When I try to text no letters will appear.  I can't text but I can do everything else.  Why can't I text from the keyboard?
Try powering the phone off and then turn it back on again. If that does not work, then try a reset. Hold the sleep/wake and home buttons together until you see the Apple logo and then release. The phone will reboot. This will not affect any of your data.
"So a few weeks ago I got a new Lattitude 6430u for work.

The machine is great, but it smells as if it was assembled near a tomcats litter box.  It is truly awful!  

It  seems to be coming from the keyboard.

Anybody got any advice on removing the smell?
"
"
Hello,

If you are having an issue with your laptop smelling bad please see the following link. http://en.community.dell.com/dell-blogs/direct2dell/b/direct2dell/archive/2013/10/30/solution-to-the-latitude-6430u-odor.aspx

Please let us know if you have any other questions.



Sam L.
"
As Sam mentioned above and as you are all probably aware by now, we do have a fix for the E6430u Smell issue. I want to thank each and every one of you for your patience as we worked thru this situation. We are committed to our customers and delighted to have been able to have brought this to resolution.
"Hi three west,

Remove the keyboard and try to clean it with a soft cloth. Also use a can of compressed air to clean the Keyboard area. Please follow the instructions from the manual to remove the keyboard.

ftp.dell.com/.../latitude-6430u-ultrabook_Owner%27s%20Manual_en-us.pdf
"
Same experience.  I thought for sure one of my cats sprayed it, but there was something faulty with it so I had it replaced.  The next one had the same exact issue.  It's embarrassing taking it to clients because it smells so bad.
"Hi hotecha,

I am sorry about this, you can clean the laptop air vents using the can of compressed air, if the issue still persists, I would suggest you to contact the local technician and they will help you further.
"
No amount of compressed air is going to help the awful stench coming from the keyboard
Thanks.. I am having the same issue. When I started using the laptop at the end of last week I thought I smelt something odd. Well.. here I am Sunday doing some work on the couch and my wife says "what stinks like cat pee". I said.. I think its this laptop.. puts her nose up to the keyboard and BAM! It really stinks.
"Hi gambit29,

You can clean the laptop air vents using the can of compressed air, if the issue still persists, I would suggest you to contact the local technician and they will help you further.
"
Unfortunately same problem here in the NL. I'm the second one in our company with this problem, cleaning is not possible, it doesn’t go away. Mine is on its way to Dell now to replace keyboard and palm-rest. The smell isn't coming from the fan on below, but definitely from the palm-rests.
"Hi Richard,

I am glad that your system is getting fixed, please let me know the system service tag, express service code or dispatch number through a private message, so that I can check and let you know the status of the repair.

Click on my username select start conversation and send me the details.
"
Would greatly appreciate it Richard if you would update us on this.  I'm not sure I can live with this smell for the life of the machine, but don't know how long they would have to have it and if I could be without it for that long.
Sure no prob, I will keep you posted. I work at a large company with thousands of Dell machines, so they gave me a temporary laptop in between.
"Today they have replaced my keyboard and palm rest at he office. I am not sure if the smell is really gone, it seems not to... We'll keep an eye on it together with the guys from our ICT dept and local Dell mechanics. Can be that thy have to dig deeper for this problem...
"
"Hi Richard,

Thanks for the update, please let me know if you need any assistance in future. 
"
We hope to provide a fix very shortly.
Steve I sent you a private message.
"Thanks for taking an interest Steve.  My stint as a road warrior is over for the moment, and I have to say that after running on the docking station with the lid closed for 5 weeks perhaps I have cooked the smell out of my unit.  I unhooked it and let it cool overnight, and this morning no more terrible smell!

I can assure you that this was not any sort of normal new electronic sort of smell.  As hotecha mentioned above, I would have been embarrassed to open the lid near a client.  It also persisted for approximately two months.
"
"So a few weeks ago I got a new Lattitude 6430u for work.

The machine is great, but it smells as if it was assembled near a tomcats litter box.  It is truly awful!  

It  seems to be coming from the keyboard.

Anybody got any advice on removing the smell?
"
"Hello,

If you are having an issue with your laptop smelling bad please see the following link. http://en.community.dell.com/dell-blogs/direct2dell/b/direct2dell/archive/2013/10/30/solution-to-the-latitude-6430u-odor.aspx

Please let us know if you have any other questions.
"
As Sam mentioned above and as you are all probably aware by now, we do have a fix for the E6430u Smell issue. I want to thank each and every one of you for your patience as we worked thru this situation. We are committed to our customers and delighted to have been able to have brought this to resolution.
Thanks, I've sent a reply
Hi Steve, sent you a twitter request. My machine is a couple weeks old and, well, it's unusable with the stench. 
I am on my third laptop.  The second one's speaker was faulty and the bio-metric device was unreliable.  It also smelled awful.  Now the third one interestingly enough seemed to smell better over out of the box, but it's getting worse.  I think it's time to move to a different Ultra-book...
I am the technology coordinator at Washington DC public high school. We have about 300 Dell Latitude 6430u laptops. 60 have been issued to teachers for the school year. So far, two staffers have complained of the cat urine smell. Is this something I can expect to hear from everyone and what should my next steps be?
Earlier this week, we arraigned for several customer systems to be shipped to our engineering team for evaluation. We are currently waiting on these units to arrive. Based on information collected so far, biological contamination is not suspected. As soon as we have more information, we'll update the thread.
"Hey CNADIR,

Would you mind messaging me the service tag of one of the units that is exhibiting the issue? If you also have the service tag of one that is NOT exhibiting the issue, that would be a huge help
"
"Hi,

I have the same odor problem with my NEW 6430u which I have been waiting for a long time (and during that time resisting not to buy a Lenovo X1 Carbon). Definitelly this problem has nothing to do with air vents. I know little bit about plastics and I am quite sure that the problem is originated from the polymer used in the case of the laptop (top, buttom, keypad & palmrest) This polymer is mixed & molded with special additives and plastifiers (to accomodate the soft touch affect). Some of those chemicals are now migrating to the surface and creating this awful odor. Besides the odor, I am aslo more concerned about the possible negative health effects of these chemicals which are absorbed by our body through contact with skin and inhalation.

I am sure that everybody in DELL  well aware of this problem (as long as they have functioning nasal receptors). This can never be considered as an acceptable defect and I can not imagine how DELL can realease such a flagship model to the market in such condition?

Big disappointmet!
"
"Add me to the list of people who have received a few of these terribly smelly Latitude E6430u's.      One night, I was working on a new unit and I thought for sure that the guy in the next cube who has a cat brought the cat into work and it urinated on the floor.  Smelled just like that.   Took me about an hour to determine that the foul odor was coming from the new laptop.


I've ordered 5 of the 6430u's and 2 of them have this smell, the other 3 do not.   It's awful.   I can smell it from a few feet away.   Like others have said, it smells like a cat urinated right around the Latitude logo on the front bezel.
"
"Folks,

Engineering has a sample and has sent to it our vendor for analysis. I hope to be able to post more info in the next week or two. This is a top priority for Dell so I do not expect the analysis to take long. Please keep an eye on this thread for more info.
"
"hello,


i received my new e6430u yesterday and it smells like 10 year old sneakers! whats wrong with it?
"
Dell Engineering and our suppliers have been analyzing a captured unit and are close to a root cause. A biological contaminate/health hazard is not suspected at this time. We appreciate everyone's patience and hope to post more information within a week.
"Steve,

I just delivered a laptop to a client today and he refused to accept delivery, even after the keyboard had been replaced.  If you can email me or contact me that would be great. I have a very unhappy customer today.

 

Thanks,

Brian
"
Please PM me your contact info
"Steve -

Not sure how to send a direct message here. I've had my notebook for about 4 weeks. The smell is bad and appears to be getting worse. Please let me know how to contact you.

Bob
"
"Has this issued been resolved or a cause been found?


We are having the same issue with three of our new laptops that our VIPs use.
"
"So a few weeks ago I got a new Lattitude 6430u for work.

The machine is great, but it smells as if it was assembled near a tomcats litter box.  It is truly awful!  

It  seems to be coming from the keyboard.

Anybody got any advice on removing the smell?
"
We believe that we are close to a resolution and should be able to put out more info next week. Keep watching this thread and big thanks to everyone for your patience.
"thanks for the update Steve
"
We just received a couple of Latitude 6430U and we are experiencing the same problem. I have not found any other laptop with the same issue and my guess/hope is that the smell will go away with time. This has been an embarrassing situation with our employees...
Dell is close to a root cause and we should be able to put out more info in a few days. No health or safety hazard is known to exist. Again, thanks to everyone for your patience as we work thru this issue. Keep watching this thread for more info.
Same issue - I have been blaming a new kitten who I swore was creeping into my closed back pack at night and magically only hitting the PC with a concentrated urine stream which then magically evaporated. Glad to hear I am not alone (people see my smelling my PC and think I am insane!) and my apologies to the cat.  Mine is ongoing for 3 weeks and hoping it will simmer down.  I don't see how something this ???? could make it through QC!  Seriously, is this the best Dell can do?  Next time please make it smell like a new car or send me some Fabreeze along with the unit.  And the smell does linger on my palms and fingers!
"I have the same issue with my Latitude 6430u. i thought i was going mad .. please let me know how this can be resolved


Colm 
I have the same issue with my Latitude 6430u. i thought i was going mad .. please let me know how this can be resolved


Colm 
"
"Hello,  I got a new Latitude 6430u for work, and i've got the same problem. Smell of cat urine Ick!

Well, I tought the smell goes away with the time, but not....

And I found this post, I'm not alone with this amazing problem. Well I've read some post of Brian from Dell

I hope they will find a solution for us !!! 

Waiting for some news.

Regards.


Joao R.
"
"We really appreciate everyone's patience as we work thru this issue. I've been in regular communication with our engineering team regarding this and do know that they have pretty much root caused the problem. I'm waiting for them to provide some more info outlining the next steps. When they do, I should be able to put out some more detailed information.

I’ll go out on a limb here and say that the smell is not related to cat urine or any other type of biological contaminate nor is it a health hazard. Keep watching this thread and we should be able to put out more details later this week. Again, thanks for your patience as we work thru this issue.
"
"Steve,

I just got a 6430u from my company two weeks ago. I have had to apologize to clients in advanced for the horrible smell that comes out of the new machine. Please advise.

Thanks,

Ryan
"
"I have the same issue with my new 6430u. Hope this issue is resolved soon.

~Darek
"
"Just thought I'd add my voice too - if I leave my laptop out over the weekend the smell permeates the whole office. Drew
"
"is there an update on this issue. this is taking far to long to resolve
"
"I just received another 6430u at the end of last week, that was delayed a couple of times...so I was hoping that was to get to the bottom of the smell.   

Unfortunately, this new unit has the same smell.  It's less pronounced than my previous unit, but it's still present.
"
"Hi,
I got a 5S yesterday and I'm really happy with it, but I still did not figure out how to use the TouchID for purchasing App but NOT to unlock the device. Is this option not available? Thanks in advance for all answers,Jerry Stocklausen
"
"http://support.apple.com/kb/HT5883http://support.apple.com/kb/HT5949
"
Thanks, but your answer showed me I misformulated my question. I want to use the TouchID for purchases instead of entereing my Apple ID, but on the lockscreen, I want nothing at all, nor the touchID, nor a passcode. Just Slide to unlock.
"Sorry I don't think that will work.
"
Hm, that *****. Thank you anyway, I hope Apple will add this feature in an Update.
"Hello there.... Recently i upgraded to iPhone 5S from iPhone 5... I've been using it for 3 days now... I found out that the battery life is only 5hours and 20 minutes with 4% left... I only using it for wifi, surf the internet, Facebook,streaming video...is there anyone that has same problems?
"
try to put your iphone 5s in dfu mode it will probably  fix it 
"I am getting 24 hours use and even then it is only down to approximately 50%. I do a little of everything on it. The battery is much better than my 4GS ever was.
"
"check settings general usage and if usage and standby are the same a restore is needed
"
"What is dfu mode. - is that Default and how does one do that?
"
"Man you are right my iphone 5s battery last only for 5 hours usin wi fi, 3g, surfing the web, using whatsapp facebook, i dont know whats wrong, i think we need an update soon
"
"Same here. My iphone 5s usage time is around 4 hours. With 3g all the time.. no gaming or video. 
"
Yes mine wouldn't hold a charge past 6 hours so I'm retuning it. The phone is has battery flaws so they need to fix it. So disappointed. Sprint and Apple totally disappointed me. I think I'll just switch to Verizon
"I was wondering the same as I upgraded from 5 to 5s and it seems like the 5s gets nowhere close to 5 in terms of battery life. I have tried adjusting my settings and get plenty of standby hours but usage hours max at 5hrs I was wondering if they count the standby hours in the average. If standby is counted then go in settings and turn off unnecessary location services and background app refresh. I get like 18hrs of stand by and 5 of usage this way. I also turn off wifi and blue tooth if I'm not using them. I have seen other phone that get way less so I don't complain. 
"
"Since updating to iOS7, contacts on my iPhone 5 seem to be disappearing then reappearing a few minutes later. This has happened a few times already, but hasn't happened on my iPad yet. Anyone else having this problem? I first noticed it in iMessage because the names were replaced by phone numbers. Looked in my contacts and half of my contacts weren't there. After a few minutes they came back all of the sudden. Anyone else seeing this?

"
"Welcome to the Support Communities!
Many times, just resetting the iPhone and/or turning it off and then back on resolves most issues. iOS: Turning off and on (restarting) and resetting
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1430
If you feel that you need to do more troubleshooting with iCloud, this article may help:
iCloud: Troubleshooting iCloud Contacts
http://support.apple.com/kb/TS3998Cheers,Judy
"
I have been going through the exact same problem. Did you find the solution?
"Resetting my phone does the trick, but doesn't solve the issue. Just today a large majority of my contacts disappeared again. I just waited it out and they eventually came back within 15 or so minutes. It's really annoying and I don't think that just resetting the phone is the answer. iCloud isn't the issue either. I didn't have this trouble until iOS7 came out. 
"
"Hi,
I bought my Iphone 5s from UK and it was using ios 7.0.2. Before i upgraded to ios 7.0.4, the fingerprint sensor worked flawlessly, but after i updated to 7.0.4, tried to unlock the phone using fingerprint. it didn't work, so i tried to re-register my ID by deleting the registered fingerprint. After I deleted them, i can't even registered my fingerprint, it just stucked on the screen where it tells you to ""place your finger or thumb on the Home button"".
I have tried re-update from itunes, resetting the handset, still didn't work.
I dont know whether this is software or hardware failure cause it started not working after i update to ios 7.0.4
I can't bring it back to UK apple store, since i brought this phone back to my country
Any solutions to this?
Any of you guys experimenting the same problem?
"
"I have the same problem. I tried to reboot my phone. I was now left with an ever worse case. The touch id was completly gone from my settings menu???? I have no clue what to do. Please help
"
"After update, wallpaper stretchs larger than image.  Unable to resize smaller to fit screen.  My photo only measures 24k @ 261x231 and is HUGE; bigger than the screen can accommodatem (shrink).  Cannot resize smaller to fit screen.  Any ideas/suggestions?   I have tried resizing my photo (smaller crop in size and dimensions) and photos render too large for screen.   Cannot resize smaller to fit.   I know I am repeating myself.  Just to be clear.  Am I doing something incorrectly in IOS 7?   Any ideas/suggestions or similar problems solving input would be appreciated.  
"
"This is because of the parallax. How the background moves differently behind the app icons to provide depth. Don't believe there's an option to override. 
"
"I understand the parallax feature and that still shouldn't limit the range of resizing wallpaper to fit without being oversized.   I've seen the parallax affect and think it is a distracting gimmick.  It does nothing for the asthetics or function of the phone.   Please fix wallpaper resizing to allow for shrink!   Thanks.
"
"I don't have any answers, but came on here to ask the same question.  I have a photo of my daughter as my background and now I lose half of her head and can't shrink the pic to get it back.  Very annoying.  Anyone have any suggestions on how to work around this?
"
"Have the same issue.  Have an image much larger than the resolution of the iPad, and it lags terribly when I try and shrink it with no way to select ""use as lock screen"".
I also had this issue in all the betas.
Having to adjust anything other than wallpaper position and size is fruitless.   I've resized and tried some settings as suggested here and none of these ideas fix the issue of 'resizing wallpaper smaller' to fit the screen on iPhone 5 using IOS7.  If I can expand my image, I should be able to make it smaller by pinching within the wallpaper settings.  Having to modify anything in settings other than my reported problem is unacceptable.  This is obviously a bug, easily fixed by the 'wallpaper team'.   Question is; HOW LONG will it take to fix.  I decided to take a photo using my phone of a black matte paper and using that for my bacground.  Surprisingly with the transparent folders I have created and everything else stands out really well.  I hate that I cannot put up my usual Vatican and Redwoods wallpapers because they cannot be resized properly in IOS7.   So far, not impressed with ANYTHING IOS7.  This could be the breaking point for me on iPhone.   I've had the original, 3S and now the 5.  I have had nothing but disappointment with i5, whereas my 3s was flawless.  I really don't like the ALL CHANGING features at once that Apple did with this.  My phone doesn't even feel like 'my phone' anymore.  UGH...
"
"Degrade iOS 7 to iOS 6
"
"I would like to know how to do this as well. I actually like everything about iOS 7 except the Bluetooth integration and this is essential for me. I can connect to all my Bluetooth devices but the phone does not remember what was playing the last time it connected to a Bluetooth device and appears to choose things to play at random. This is exceedingly annoying when getting in and out of a car with Bluetooth connection and expecting to continue playing the same song or book you were listening to when you got out. This worked great in iOS 6. I really hope they fix this, or I am going to have to try and revert to iOS 6 or switch to android.
"
"Downgrading is not supported. 
"
"Did you have any trouble downloading?  I keep getting a try again later....
"
"Downloaded perfectly for me; just over two hours from 17:56 BST. Only intervention required was a BT router reset. Very impressed. I suspect the 99.5% of users having problems will have none if they can wait for a day or two.
"
"I finally got it downloaded on my ipad & iphone 5 & playing with it. One issue I wish I could change is in notes ~ with a white background they use a yellow text & it's really tough to see it ~ Wish we could change some of the color schemes with highlighting & text 
"
"So far IOS 7 is downloading on my iPhone 5.  Looks like it's working, but I guess I'll know soon enough.  I got an error on my iPad though.  I'll try it again after the phone finishes updating.  I'm excited, hope it works on the iPad.
"
"Is there ANY way to change the very bright green.  It's searing my retinas. I had to change my wallpaper so it wasn't so obnoxious.  Kudos to Apple for the bold new look but some of the colors are annoyingly bright
"
"Download went well.  All downloaded on iPad and iPhone in about an hour.  20Mins or so on the iPhone and 40Mins on ipad.
However when i went back to the iPhone it wanted a passcode.  I set no passcode and I was locked out and phone disabled.
Took some time to reset the phone and update everything one more.
other than that all ok.
IOS 7 looks verywell.
Hope there are not too many foul-up and errors.
"
"I just downloaded IOS 7 to my Apple 4s and I am not receiving text alerts.  Any suggestions?
"
"Hi!  I tried to update to the new software as well but have since been locked out - I am assuming I will have to restore the whole phone  , but will I lose everything or will I be given the option to back it up before restoring it?  Thank you! 
"
"I too love the new iOS 7! Except that on my iPhone it won't connect to my wifi anymore. I've tried 'forgetting' the network and putting in username + password again to no avail. Also tried switching phone off and on again. It seems to be finding the available wifi networks but is unable to actually connect. It's fine on my iPad, however.
Anyone else having similar difficulty?
"
"Why is the new iTunes radio not available in the UK?   Had no problem upgrading to IOS7 because I did it in the middle of the night, but I couldn't find the radio no matter what.  Read this morning it's only available to US phones initially.   I want this, so why isn't it available here and what's the point of telling everyone it is one of the fabulous new features if it isn't?
"
"does any one has issue with unlocking sound?? after upgrading to ios 7

i dont get that sound any more. please help
"
"Stupid question has you ckecked the silent key on the side of iPhone ?

 
Try soft reset.

 
Failing that the hard way.  Full reset and restore from iTunes.  This I have to do after my phone became diabled afer IOS 7 download.
"
"I have an iPhone 4 and my control center in the new iOS7 download is grey when I have noticed everyone else's are multicoloured, does anyone know why this is and if it is changable, how to change it?? Thanks
"
"I have an iphone 4 too. I haven't yet seen ios 7 on other people's phones but I did just have a look on mine and if you go to settings -> general -> accessibility -> and then toggle on ""invert colours"" it changes the appearance to black with white text + colours.... ???
"
"I've tried to download the update but now my phone is asking to be connected to Itunes.

Is there anyway around this, I only really use my IPAD now and my computer with Itunes on it is a 4 hour drive away???
"
"A couple of questions before I download 7...

 
I see a lot of people are being asked for a passcode after downloading and, having not set one, are being forced to completely restore their devices. Is there a way around this? If I set a passcode in advance, will that passcode work and will I be able to avoid this problem?

 
Has anybody been able to complete the process without connecting to iTunes on a computer? I backed up my iPad mini to iCloud and have never backed it up to my computer as I have a 16gb iPad and the iTunes library on my computer is huge. If I need to restore or anything like that, I'd prefer to do it from iCloud. 

 
Thanks! Any help would be appreciated.
"
"I too have problems with seeing icons and text clearly. Icons are hard to see on the white background and don't stand out any more some even blend in . The lines are very thin so people like myself who need glasses are really struggling with this . Previously the bolder text and icons with better contrast could be much more easilly detected. We need the ability to change all these (even back to ISO 6 icons) as it also has a cheaper wishy washy look as though apple has a limited set of colours. 
"
" purhased Angry Birds Space from the App Store and love it. This morning, there was an update, and I installed it. It offered a new level. I played the new level and then quit the game. I returned to play the game about 30 minutes later, and all of my all of my previous level scores were erased!
I submitted a review warning people to NOT take the update.
Tonight I came home and went to the App Store. I searched for Angry Birds Space. It no longer exists! I looked at my purchase history, and there is no longer a record of Angry Birds Space.
What the heck is going on??? The app is right there on my iMac (with all my level scores still wiped out).
Yes, I restarted my computer tonight before even going to the App Store.
Did the App Store YANK Angry Birds Space? Why isn't it in my purchase history anymore? What is going on?!!!
"
"Hi ...

 
Contact the app developer  >  http://www.rovio.com/en/support
"
"It seems to have been pulled worldwide, the reason is probably the update.  Im sure it will be back as soon as there's a fix.

As for your levels... i would'nt keep my hopes up.
"
"The update now shows up as version 1.1.1 in App Store, but when I try to apply it I get the error, ""item temporarily unavailable"". Hmmm. The plot thickens.  
"
"Indeed. I agree except it might be nice to include the information that that just might happen on any and all App Store info so that people do not become concerned. There are a lot of folks out there who do not read forums. They just think it's their machines, and the way Apple keeps everything like this secret, it isn't easy to find out it is not the specific computer or system.  Anyhow, it will be back one of these days - I am sure Rovio has a weekend of overtime here. 
"
"For the last few days my HP Slate 7 2800 has not charged at all.
I noticed about a week ago that connection between the tablet and cable was loose and would easily detach. But although it was loose it would charge.
Now, it does not charge at all. I have tried several different micro usb cables connected to the wall adapter or to a computer or laptop to no avail. I have checked the micro usb port for lint or dust but it is perfectly clean. I tried several micro usb cables and none have made a difference. I have never dropped my tablet nor has it come in contact with water or any liquid. I used to charge my tablet on a daily basis and took good care of it.
I would like to know if HP can fix it or if I can do it on my own. My tablet is only two months old."
"Hello Sky4545, Welcome to the HP Support Community.
I suggest you contact HP directly.  There is a chat icon immediately to the right of the Search box at the top right of this page.  Clicking it will give you several ways to contact HP.  It sounds to me like the charging port may be damaged on the device.   Does it still power on?  Have you tried resetting the device by powering completely off, then back on?
"
I order my hp slate throught the internet and it was delivered to me on Sunday, August 4th. Today, August 7th I was trying to charge it as the battery was empty and got a message saying that I need to connect my tablet to a charger. I checked the calbe and it was connected properly to the tablet and the power source. Now my tablet is completely dead. How can I get it fixed.
"Hello noha, Welcome to the HP Support Community!
Have you tried holding the power button for 8 - 10 seconds or until the HP logo appears?  
I'd suggest trying another micro-USB cable attached to the power block.  If you have a similar one used on another device (cell phone, etc.) try it for a few hours and see if it comes back to life.
If it proves to be the cable, HP will replace it for free."
"Hello WyreNut,
I tried another cable (my BB Curve cable) yesterday but it didn't help. The issue might be due to the heat as I live in Cairo or because I didn't press the power button for enough time. This morning my slate 7 is working without any issues. Thanks a lot mate."
"So i see i am not the only one having this issue. My Slate 7 2800 series isnt charging either. Received mine on July 5th as an anniversary gift right before i deployed, it started acting up early august like maybe the first week but with the charging cord. Swapped out the cord, checked good. At the end of august it would not charge, so i bought another cord and it worked fine for a few weeks. Like a week before i had to buy a new charging cord i had to angle the charging cord just a bit to charge it and now for the last two days it will not charge at all. Any idea on what the fix might be? If it is the charging port...what is the possibility of HP sending me one? I wont be back in the US anytime soon since i am currently deployed
Thanks for your time"
"Hello Tgilbert87, Welcome to the HP Support Community!
That decision will have to be made by HP.  Most of us here are volunteer, non-HP employees, others work for HP but are here on their own time.
It sounds like the charging port is damaged.  HP may or may not cover it.
To contact HP directly, click this link: http://www8.hp.com/us/en/contact-hp/contact.html
Good luck!  Thanks for your service to the US of A!"
My tablet is only 2 months old as well, and my charger was fine, but soon my tablet started having trouble charging, and i noticed the wires on the charger were a little loose, and i would have to move the usb cable around to get it to work, but now it wont charge at all and ive tried an amazon tablet charger, and other android chargers, but it wont charge at all. my tablet is dead and i need it ASAP. 
"Hello AmazinglyGrande,
Please follow the steps in this document, they should be able to guide you in the right direction."
If you work on behalf of HP can you varify if HP can sell the charging port for the HP slate 7 2800 series tablet? On the HP parts store shows this P/N 729741-001. Is this part the actual part number for it? I seem to have trouble finding it and when i try to contact HP i cant find the product name. From the HP 7 Tablet manual it looks like it will be a ribbon connector similar to the ones you find in smart phones. The removal and install would be simple yet delicate. 
I have had a Slate 7 for about 2 months and all of a sudden i unplug it the charge port came out and I dropped it. Now it won't charge. I paid good money for it and now it doesn't work I am very upset because it had everthing I needed on it. Please help! 
"Hello Foxstar4225, Welcome to the HP Support Community!
As volunteers, we can't help you with this issue.  You'll need to contact HP.
To contact HP directly, click this link: http://www8.hp.com/us/en/contact-hp/contact.html"
"hi guys,
Me too!, I have not dropped or damaged my Slate 7 but after only 6 weeks ownership it fails to charge.
I notice that the charger has no warmth even after a 2 hour charge session...quite disappointing, as I have been using the Slate 7 and happy with its performance. Now, I cannot see where other HP customers have been able to remedy the situation...the technicians at HP should be helping by posting suggestions on how to solve the boot-up problem."
i bought the slate7 when it first came out.  i noticed around Canadian thanksgiving that the charging port was loose with cables.  since then, i've had to use all sorts of cable acrobatics to get the slate to charge.  now, as of this week, there is less than 1% power on the slate and it won't connect to charge at all.  i've tried six different cables.    i do have a service ticket and i pick up the shipping box tomorrow, but they said they cannot or will not back up my data, that they will wipe the tablet when they fix it. what do i do?  i need my data off the tablet before i send it for repair but there's no power and it won't charge?!?!?!
"Gazzaly. If you cannot charge the Slate 7 2800, after a hard reboot, you should contact support for more options.
Tablet Does Not Start (Android 4.1/Jelly Bean):
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/document?docname=c03698871&tmp_task=solveCategory&cc=us&dlc=en&lc...
Please call HP technical support at 800-474-6836. If you live outside the US/Canada Region please click the link below to get the support number for your region. http://www.hp.com/cgi-bin/hpsupport/index.pl"
zentacles, I cannot think of a solution to backup your files from your tablet if you cannot turn the tablet on. If you have allowed for Google to backup your information (ie. contacts) some of that will be recovered upon logging on. When I restore my Android devices (which I do frequently), Google actually puts all the apps back on that I had installed at the time I was last online. I am not sure about your photos and other personal files (ie. text documents).
I continue to see statements posted like "it sounds like your charging port is damaged"... how about the charging port is defective!!! I bought two of these Slates for my sons, neither will charge, less than a month old. It's ludricous to believe all of us damaged these tablets, face it, they're defective.
"Just for information to anyone else who might suffer the same problem...
My Slate 7 also became increasingly difficult to charge after a few weeks occasional use, needing to be held in a precise alignment with its cable before it would charge at all. Eventually the centre of the micro USB port simply fell out of the Slate showing what the likely cause of the problem was all along - i.e. the micro usb port component connections had gradually failed by the fatigue of normal use. I raised a support ticket with HP who promptly told me that this part was not covered by thier warranty and any repair they could arrange would be so expensive it would be cheaper to buy a new Slate. They proceeded to try and sell me a new Slate at a small discount. I was completely stunned and shocked by HP's position - the Slate hadn't been abused or dropped or mis-handled, only used as you might normally expect.
Its a simple enough replacement if you are familiar with this sort of hardware - a couple of T4 torx screws secure the case and a ribbon cable connector attaching the port to the main board (p/n 729741-001). However, having voided my ""warranty"" by opening the case, I was defeated by the extortionate cost of the replacement part (about half the original cost of the Slate by the time it is shipped from a parts reseller). My Slate is now gathering dust waiting for some enterprising individual to start manufacturing a copy part for sale on ebay at a reasonable price (as happened with the charge port for Samsung phones a while back).
Hopefully hardware manufacturers will eventually learn a micro USB connector is simply far too fragile to be used for the almost daily charging of a phone or a tablet - it fine for occasional data connections but is just not robust enough for (or really designed to do) anything more than this. In the case of the Slate 7, it simply is 'not of satisfactory quality or fit for the purpose it was intended for' (to paraphrase the UK Sale of Goods Act). But try telling this to HP - a fact that I won't be forgetting when I next come to buy a laptop or a printer or a server or a storage array..."
"Thank you for sharing your experience, I'm having the same problem.  Unfortunately, now I realize that the charging port appears to be defective and very fragile in all Slate 7s.  I have a Slate 7, and it will not charge.  The connector port does not seem to make a firm connection with the cable end, and perhaps full contact is not being made.  I have ordered another cable and will see if there is any improvement.
Judging from the frequency on the Internet that I am seeing other Slate 7 owners encounter problems with their relatively new Slate 7s not charging, I would have to say that HP knows about this problem, yet their only solution is for customers to buy yet another identical port.   That is very poor back-up of their product, poor customer service and a dishonest business practice.  HP must be responsive to this or they are going to turn off many customers from ever buying their products again"
I have d same prob. My slate 7 is not charging. I bought it 2 months ago and its not charging anymore. I tried turning it off then on but still doesn't charge. I am hre in Guam nd no HP service center to go to. Cable is also checked.
I'm having the same problem...
Hi the same thing that is happening to the other person is happeing to me to. Like the only thing it says is that 0% charge and it has a explaintion mark on the uncharged battery. I just got it like this christmas which was not that long ago,about 2 weeks ago. Like i really need help because my mom will KILL ME! Please help me...PLEASE
"Hello,
Try contacting HP customer service via their website, which is what I did.  You will need your tablet's serial number. 
I was informed by HP that my Slate was still under warranty and they sent me a box and mailing label so I could ship them my Slate at HP's cost.  They have repaired it and shipped it back to me.  Coincidentally, I am picking it up today at FedEx."
I bought  HiSense as a Christmas gift for my son. 2 weeks to the day the charging port became dysfunctional. I considered buying an HP Slate 7 because I figured " It's HP it would have to be better quality" .......... looks like maybe I wont be buying one of these either.  Why wouldnt they develop a more sound way of charging these types of devices??!!! 
"Hello, and Welcome to the HP Support Community!
My Slate 7 2800 has zero charging issues.
When you visit any internet forum, you have to realize something - the data you see is ""skewed"".
98% of the folks coming here are ones who have experienced a problem with the device they purchased.  It's like visiting a hospital.  If you judged the human race by visiting a hospital, you would be led to believe ""We're DOOMED! EVERYONE HERE IS SICK!!!""
Folks who have no problems do not check in here and report, ""My device works fine"".
Yes, it's unfortunate that all devices produced by HP are not ""perfect"".
All I'm saying is there are usually a lot more happy owners of a certain device than unhappy ones..."
"I must say that I have a Slate 7 - 2800.
I never had any issues with power.
A while back I had an Amazon Kindle 1100 (first version of Kindle, black and white e-reader type) which I have sold to a friend...why is the kindle important?
I don't like to charge my electronics using the usb on a laptop, so I bought a wall charger where I can connect the same usb.
About 6 months ago, one of my kids accidentally pulled on the cord where I had the Slate 7 connected to the wall with it's original cable, and the charger. It broke the metal connection that connects to the Slate tablet.
i was looking for a replacement cable, when I thought....what if the Kindle cable actually worked? Hold, and behold..it's the same connection! Like I said...6 months, and still going strong with a good charge every night.
Now the question begs...did I get lucky my kid broke the original cable, before I started having issues? it's possible, but we'll never know.  All I know is that the kindle cable works without a hitch"
help starting to think its me because slate 7 number 4 has gone the same way as the others.will not charge  only gives a warnig battery sign .tried multple chargers nothing works.im sick off the help pages telling me to hard reset how can i switch it on and off when there is no battery life in it to switch it on.sick off taking it back i get a replacement then couple months down the line same thing happens again.help....
I recently bought a hp slate 7tablet  2 days ago and its not turning on.Like I put it to charge but it wont turn on .I tried putting it to charge in other outlet but nothing happens .I know for sure the outlets work becaues my mom charges her phone in all outlet I tried in.PLEASE SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO TURN IT ON AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Hello adrianalobo51, Welcome to the HP Support Community!
Try holding the power switch pressed for 10 - 20 seconds until you see the HP logo, then release.
If you continue to have problems, let us know, we'll try something more drastic."
having the same problem but mine at least goes to the reboot but then you can't choose anthing else on the menu and then you push the power button to do the reboot because thats all it will let you do , then it goes dark and nothing. can you help?  just bought this about 2 days ago. it did ask for a update and was doing that before I had this problem , but I don't know if it ever finished. 
"Might want to try some of the suggestions on the support pages for the device. 
Is the device fully charged?"
Mine is doing the same exact thing. I'm freaking out I have had it since Friday. I've put it in all the outlets to charge it and nothing is working. I've tried holding the power button but nothing happens. Please help me!
"Try holding power, volume UP, and volume DOWN all pressed at the same time for about 20 seconds (or until you see a menu appear).
If you get the menu, navigate using the volume rocker switch then select ""Reboot"".  See if the tablet starts normally.
Also, if you have another micro-USB cable handy, try using it with the charger that came with the Slate7.  It's possible the original cable may have been damaged.  Do not use a cell phone charger as they are not capable of supplying enough ""juice"" for the Slate7."
I am having the same problem.  Just purchased the Slate 7 and it will not start up.  Very dissapointed. returning this item.
i have the same problem but it that my tablet won't charge and i try with a different charges.
"Hi Mercenario21,
I understand your Slate Tablet will not charge. If you follow the document it will show you some options to assist with this.
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/document?docname=c03678342&cc=us&dlc=en&lc=en&product=5376605&tmp...
Or this document will show how to restore factory setting that might have changed.
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/document?docname=c03678325&cc=us&dlc=en&lc=en&product=5376605&tmp...
Hope this works.
Let me know."
I think you should master reset your tab.see youtube on how to do this
my hp slate would not turn on and as this was the second one that this has happened to last one returned to supplier i followed the instructions given about pressing the volune and on off at the same time and this worked THANKYOU as i am not savvy when it comes to technology i am very gratefull.
Thanks, had the same problem!  Your solution worked - power button and volume at the same time.
My hpslate will not turn on .none of the fixes work. It just seems dead
"Sounds like it's time to contact HP, Sosa12.
To contact HP directly, click this link: http://www8.hp.com/us/en/contact-hp/contact.html"
Mine isn't working and I just tried to turn it on and nothing not even a reboot menu.
"Hello Briangriifin,
Please follow the steps from the link below:
http://h30434.www3.hp.com/t5/Android-Tablets-e-g-HP-Slate-7/My-Hp-Slate-Tablet-Wont-turn-on-HELP/m-p...
If that doesn't help, please call our technical support at 800-474-6836. If you live outside the US/Canada Region please click the link below to get the support number for your region. http://www.hp.com/cgi-bin/hpsupport/index.pl
Best regards,"
my tablet comes on when i power it up, on the screen is time and date, an a lock that is locked, the tablet goes off in 3 sec
What happens when you attempt to slide the lock to the right with your finger?
i dont know how set up internet access on my hp tablet
"1.  What tablet are you asking about?
 
2. Have you figured out how to unlock the tablet yet (your first question?)
 
3. Have you read the User Guide for your tablet? (I would give you a link, but I don't know which one you have!). You are asking some very basic questions that the User Guide can answer for you."
Had the same issue with tablet not restarting and holding power, vol up and vol down for 10 secs worked for me. Hope it is a 1 time event.
I'm having the same problem. I have only had my Slate for about a week. I did what you suggested to the previous user, however I'm not getting a menu screen. Do you have any other suggestions?
"Maybe you can try following procedure:
- charge tablet for several munutes to be sure it's not out of power
- push and hold power button for 15-20 sec. This is to switch tablet off in case it's in Deep Sleep state. You will see nothing on the screen but don't worry. Just hold power for 15-20 sec.
- push and hold power and volume up buttons together until you see HP logo on the screen. If this not help try power with volume down buttons together.
 
For me it helps few times so maybe it will work also for you."
Display is red on IPad. How do I fix this? I have already rebooted.
I got an 16GB iPod mini for my birthday last month. It was working great for about a week. I let my tablet charge overnight and in the morning it would not turn on. I let it charge all day that day it still would not turn on. I did research and tried doing the reset, but the apple logo will not appear. We were able to replace it with  a brand new one. The new one is having the same problem after about the same amount of time, again charged. I did even more research and found out that an app may have taken control of my iPad. can this really happen? if not, what can i do to fix it?
How can I get the necessary tools to make a custom spreadsheet? I need to be able to merge cells and set cell widths.
1. You can already fullscreen videos in iPad Safari.
My son says trying to download a song, however when finished the iPad said not enough memory. What can be done to increase memory or storage without deleting his games and other downloads.
Hi, I can't face time. Every time I connect to someone keep failed. Or I try to answer face time , said connecting but after that failed.
I try to face time my daughter and it wii ring and as soon as she answers it says failed. She tried face timing me and when I answer it says failed. Why can't I face time anymore? Everything worked 2 days ago.
I received a video message on Skype from msgvm.com what is it?
Hi
You need to look for browsers that allow flash. Puffin and Skyfire are some I see recommended. However I understand that not all browsers work on all sites (the downside of flash, it's so unpredictible that there is no singular 'works on all sites' browser. so you may want to experiment before you buy anything.
My screen is distorted, blurred and some funky weird colors very hard to read.  What is wrong and can it be fixed
Try Settings>General>Accessibility>Invert Colors>Off.
Hi does anyone know if AppleCare covers screen damage?
ONLY Apple Care Plus covers accidental damage, which is how a broken/cracked screen is defined.
With AppleCare, if the damage is declared as "misuse", I understand that you can get the screen repaired for a reduced cost twice within the coverage period. Which would also more than make the cost of AC worth it.
"I am stuck here in this particular paragraph MichelPM
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS IN DETAIL AND DEPTH EXPLANATION.  I WILL TRY IT FIRST THING TOMORROW. 
Help
Check your restrictions.
1. Make sure software is up to date
We just started experiencing this today as well across two iPhone 4 and ipad 2. The phones are under different apple id/emails, so quite a coincidence that both FaceTime apps started getting failed connections. We are using older iOS and need to upgrade, but this just started out of the blue. I have restarted, checked wifi, no restrictions. Will try a hard reset on all devices again. Lost with what to do here. 1 year ago it looked like some apple users ran into FaceTime and iMessage downtime due to server issues.
My iPad mini has a black horizontal line in the middle of the screen.  Can it be fixed and if so how?
Try reset iPad
will I be able to get pics back if update deletes and iPad hasn't been backed up
Hi all,
Hi,
It Appears Akamai is the delivery platform Apple uses to deliver the updates.  If you visit their website it states its a secure delivery platform for different mobile services and one of their clients is Apple.
Can't launch Safari or YouTube from the link in emails. Any idea?
I have an ELM327 OBD2 card reader from Tmart that worked with my friends ipad with an older ios, I have purchased a new ipad with ion7.06 installed and it doesn't detect the bluetooth code reader like the older ipad did. Does any one know where I can get 3rd party drivers for this device as I can not find the manufacturer of this device. Any assistance would be very much appreciated.
You can't install third party drivers on an iPad.
I have locked myself out of my iPad and cannot restore as find my iPad is on ? can anyone help I changed the password to a full one and I dont know what I have done but I just cant unlock it ?
Hello shanefox,
My iPad will not charge or turn on while plugged in. It shows the battery pic in the middle of the screen and that's all.
i dropped it but not that high and its on a leather case but when i looked at it.. the screen is black and wont turn on.. i leave it for an hour then i tried to do holding the home button and the lock, then i realize it's on because i can hear screen shots and the sound when you unlock it.. help me please i dont know how to fix it and i can't go to apple store because im still not sure if it's fixable or not.....
Turn it upside down on your knee and smack the back of it with increasing velocity to see what happens.
What to Do When Your iPad Won't Turn On
I am an IT person, know computers well so I don't know why this would surprise me but this week my iPad fell off of my desk and the screen did just as in the original post.  I couldn't even do my back up because I have a password on my iPad so I couldn't type that in.  I had already made an appointment with the Genius Bar (2 hours one way away from me!!!) and do not have Apple care so was very upset and I read this post by alanfromnewtownards.  I would have never in a million years dreamt this would work but I had absolutely nothing to lose so I did it.  The first time, nothing but the I started patting all around the back while upside down then hit the menu button and OMG I almost peed my pants from laughing so hard that this is what it took to fix my sweet iPad.  I love my Mac toys almost as much as my children and that's saying A LOT!!!!  So, alanfromnewtownards, I cannot thank you enough!  You are amazing and anyone who questions this unorthodoxed approach to iPad repair can either keep their broken iPad or pay large sums of money to get theirs fixed.
Same thing happened to me when my son dropped my work iPad this morning.  When I found Alanfromnewtonards' post, I thought it was a cruel joke.  I nearly crapped myself when I smacked the back of it once... a good firm smack while face down on my knee... and it worked.  Everything is back normal.  Wahoo!  Thanks Alan!!! You are a stud!!!
I can't send Comcast emails but i can receive them What is wrong?
Most email providers have two servers for email. There is an incoming mail server and an outgoing mail server. Check your email account on your device to make sure you have entered the correct address for the outgoing mail server. Also check to make sure you have a user name and password entered even if it says its optional. Make sure the user name and password are correct.
One thing you can try first before doing resets etc, is to delete the affected mail accounts, then add them back
Same problem here, tried deleting accounts, compared all settings to a working Comcast ipone, called apple care, and they tried all the same, so they had me call Comcast, always a last resort, but they reset the account password , and voila it worked! ,so call Comcast everyone!
Recently every time I try to purchase apps or update apps on my iPad a badge pops up saying "Invalid Address tap continue to sign in" I hit continue and my address is correct, but my credit card 3 digit  code is missing. I enter that and tap done I then try to update again and the same invalid address badge pops up again.  This problem just started this week and it's very frustrating. I tried changing my password and now I'm having the same issue on my iPhone 4. Has anyone seen this or have any advice? Thanks
Seeing exactly same behavior on iPad. I then opened iTunes on my windows laptop and tried to purchase an app there too, same exact error and/or problem, says the address is not correct. I even tried to change my credit card data, same "invalid address" popup. I only live at one address and thats were my bills go, I even tried to clear the address fields and started over, same popup and I now can't purchase apps, even free ones.
Same for me with iPhone 4 and ipad.  Will try your suggestion, kevblack.  Seems to me that Apple's validation must have changed on 5/5 because I have updating practically everyday for a month with no change to the address on my credit card.  Extremely frustrating.  Very surprised as well as I've never had this issue and have been an iTunes client for a very long time.
Hi!
What is "Other"It’s generally a combination of local caches from apps, browsers, mail, Messages, Reading List, saved games, app-specific documents and data, notes, and voice memos. You can backup and restore to reduce "other" but they will start building up over time.
imessages not syncing to ipad.  some do then it stops working
Just scratched it. Any way to clean or cover or fill in the scuff on the side of the iPad Air Space Gray?
What is car play on my iPad and how does it work
i recently purchased a gta v card and my code isnt working at zreward.com. the cashier had problem ringing it up but eventually it worked but bonus code not working,please help , i was looking forward to watching a movie on my xboc
Did you ever het this figured out? i am having smae problem with my ps3 card purchased from Walmart.
I purchased one of these back at the BEGINNING OF JUNE and it still doesn't work. I realize that this isn't necessarily Vudu's problem, but both zreward.com and Vudu are owned by Walmart but every time I've talked to someone in the store I get, "Call zreward.com," "Call walmart.com," "Open a ticket with Vudu support," or some other avenue that hasn't produced anything. I've even gone so far as to contact the company that "powers" zreward.com and they gave me this: "Please contact Walmart pre-order customer service department for assistance with your request."Vudu, can you help us with this issue? Or at least reply and say you have no idea?
The zrewards codes do have an expiration date. If you contact VUDU support with your code, we can look them up to see if the code is valid. In some cases we're able to help with these.
Thanks for replying Dan! Are you referring to code A, the code on the back of the pre-order card we enter into zreward.com, or Code B, the Vudu credit code we get in our email?EDIT: Also, is it reasonable to assume or expect that a pre-order code for GTA V would be expired a full three months before the game came out?
The VUDU credit code is the one we have the ability to look up.I believe the expiration date may have been set incorrectly for a few. If you would like to send me your code in a PM, i can take a look into the issue for you.
And that's the problem, because since Code A (on the back of the pre-order card) isn't working, zreward.com isn't able to generate Code B (a Vudu credit code). So either there were some pre-order cards printed with a bad code on them that don't work at zreward.com or there is a range of codes that should work at zreward.com but don't because they haven't been "activated" (for lack of a better term). Either way there doesn't seem to be anything we as consumers can do about it so it's a bit frustrating.
Forgive my ignorance on the matter. On the z-rewards card there is a support number correct? Once you've called, does it give you an option for zrewards games? Sorry, i should add. Could you list the phone number that is on the z-rewards card?
No problem, thanks for working with me on this! I've scoured the zreward.com website as thoroughly as I can and I haven't been able to find a contact number, and I don't think the card itself has a contact phone number on it but I can double-check that when I get home. As suggested by store employees I've reached out to walmart.com via their 800 number and they come back with blank stares and say talk to the store.....
Thanks! I'm reaching out to see who you should contact in a case like this. I'll keep you posted.
Which game is this picture for?
GTA V
Neither of my zreward codes work from the Call of Duty: Ghosts cards (Xbox 360 and PS3).
Still waiting to hear back, everyone. I'll relay the information as soon as I have it.
o DanielH, here is a slightly different issue… The pre-order bonus codes for Dying Light PS4 redeem just fine on zreward.com but there does not appear to be any Vudu credit code sent by email. Further troubling is the fact that the "Zreward Card Registration" email I receive does not mention receiving a Vudu credit code like all the others I've tried: Can you look into this for us? 
What's the advantage of pre-ordering a movie on Vudu rather than purchasing it on the date of the digital release?
None that I can see. I've only done the pre-order once via Vudu (Walmart) for Skyfall (a year ago) and that was because the price was lower via Walmart than anywhere else. People are also complaining that they're not getting the copies any earlier either
I think jerrym5 is referring to pre-ordering a digital-only movie from vudu.com, not from Walmart.
Thank you for the responses. You are correct I was not very clear in my question. I recently pre-ordered Insidious 2 on vudu, which became available to watch on 12/10. On that date it also became available to purchase for the same amount as the pre-order. What's the sense in pre-ordering? I just recently registered on Vudu, and very happy with the service, but I do have questions.
I think the pre-orders also often make some bonus content (interviews, "making of" videos, etc - the sort of extras you get on DVDs) available immediately.
Many times preordering just gets you the same thing at the same time as people who buy it on the release date...but I think the idea is that you don't have to wait and time your purchase or worry about availability exactly on the release date.
I purchased a used Tv and would like to link my account. It already has an account linked and I can't unlink that one to link mine. I don't know the person so I can't ask them to login on their computer and unregister the tv, so now what?
What is the device ID for the TV? You should be able to find it under My VUDU-->Info and Settings.
Also, you might try to find a 'reset to defaults' in the tv menus. I remember having to do that on a bluray player I had.
I am having a similar problem, although it is all of my own making... I wasn't thinking and went to redeem a code for a Digital copy of a movie, and did it online. And I totally forgot that I already had a Vudu account. Although it wouldn't do me any good, because I don't know any of that information for the previous account. But it is linked to my Blu Ray Player. And now this new digital movie is on this new account that is linked to my Facebook. Is there any way to unlink that old account with my player, so that I can link the new one?
If I purchase a TV show, or, a season of a show, will it be added to my UV library as well? I am sure this varies from title to title, but, so far, out of every TV show I am interested in buying, I have yet to see the UV symbol when browsing.
It all depends if that particular show is UV enabled. If you look at the page showing the metadata of the show, there will be a UV logo if the show is indeed UV enabled. If it's not there, well then it's not a UV title.
I've been a VUDU user for quite some time, and have enjoyed many buffering free HDX movies. Lately, over the last 3 months, I have experience a number of buffering issues, where the movie stops and rebuffers frequently. This doesn't happen every movie, but it is happening with greater frequency. My internet connection, as tested by VUDU speedtest, was 13mb download, so my ISP is not the problem, at lest during the test. I have 15mb fios service. Yet again I had a problem.
Testing high bandwidth does not necessarily mean that your ISP isn't the problem. If there are packet transfer problems, you will buffer as packets are lost. Vudu did help me sort out my issues, and I sounded just like you. Hopefully they will be able to do the same for you.
what did Vudu fix to correct your issue? thanks.
I am about to lose my mind with this buffering issue! I have never had any issues with vudu in the past but over the past week all of our purchased movies are completely unwatchable. speedtest.net is showing out speed as around 20m and 4 upload. The speedtest from the device wont even function as it keeps saying there is an error. Netflix and everything else has been working fine but unable to figure out vudu at all. Is there any problems out there or advice I can be given to help out? Was planning on purchasing dark shadows but why bother if im not going to be able to watch it!
Just want to follow-up to explain how I resolved the problem.First, VUDU tech support had me do the power cycling stuff, which did nothing to fix the problem. Movies were still buffering and the Vudu speedtest on my computer was abysmal (3000kbps). Keep in mind my Verizon fios service is 30mb and running the Speakeasy speedtest seems to confirm this. Tech support wanted to put me through to an upper tier tech support person but they had all gone home for the night. With all due respect, I was calling pretty late so understandable.Was eventually able to fix the problem on my own. It turned out to be a DNS problem after all (thanks to AYColumbia for providing the link above). Using the google or opendns server addresses proved to be the fix as far as playing movies on VUDU via my bluray player was concerned. On my computer, the vudu speedtest was still poor until I figured out how to change to DNS server in windows.
Would you mind posting your case number so i can take a look at the streams you've had recently? I'd like to test a few things to see if we can get you streaming without issue again as well.
Here's my case number: 120921-000570.Any assistance you can provide would be greatly appreciated.Also, as an fyi, I ran the vudu speedtests on my computer this morning and just now 3:50 EST and both times I had 30mb download, 10 mb upload.
Your trace route looks really good throughout Verizon's network and VUDU. On your last rental your bandwidth did fluctuate a lot. Going from 10MBPS to 2MBPS. Are you only using the Actiontek Router, or do you have an additional device(s) that provide DHCP on your network? Are you wired, or wirelessly connected? Have you tried streaming from the Samsung device on your account?
I am hardwired into the Actiontec.I did not try streaming from the Samsung when I was having the problem, but I did go to my computer that is also hardwired into the Actiontec and ran the VUDU speedtest when I was having the streaming problem, and it showed very very low speeds.
Please check out your private message when you have a moment. We'll need to do a bit of testing to see how we can get it fixed for you.
Dhatman i am having the exact same issues. my reference number is 120922-000469 is there anyway I can get some help with this issue as well?
I did grab your case. I think your problem may be a bit different.
In case anyone is following this thread, I felt I should provide an update.Aftern spending lots of time changing DNS servers, making the device connection static, placing device in dmz, lots of power cycles, and lots of time on the phone and pm's with vudu tech support, I decided to replace my Verizon Actiontec Router with another one that I had access to. I'm now getting three bars, the VUDU splash screen opens pretty quickly, and I was able to watch the Avengers HDX with absolutely no buffering. So at the moment, my issue seems very much to be a problem with my verizon supplied router. The one thing I never did try was to do a hard reset of the original router back to factory settings. That may have cured the issue. For now, with my new router, all seems good. If anything changes, I'll post back. Also, just wanted to provide feedback on tech support: everyone I dealt with was very knowledgeable and tried just about everything to get me up and running. Compared to Verizon customer service, VUDU is hands down the winner!
Vudu SEEMS great, but everytime I try to watch a movie on it with my ROKU2 I get frequent buffering. Makes it impossible to watch a movie, yet I can watch the SAME movie through Amazon with no problem? Could this be because Amazon has better servers?? Let me know your experience.
I'm new in this forum but I feel your pain. Tonight I watched "The Avengers" on my PC and it was interrupted fifteen times to buffer - each interruption lasting three minutes. I guess if I had a major bladder problem I wouldn't know the difference, but this isn't acceptable. I have Verizon FIOS and speedtest.net measured my ping at 10ms, my download at 58.42Mbps and my upload at 39.38Mbps. Moreover, I have a Phenom II 965 quad core CPU, 16GB of DDR3 system RAM and dual Radeon HD 7970's in Crossfire running Windows 8 Pro 64 bit OS. By all rights I should be cooking with gas.
Our apologies for the buffering events you encountered last night. Please, if you have a moment, contact our support team. We would be happy to look into the issue for you and get you credited for the film, since you were unable to watch it.
dhatman, thank you. I will contact support regarding the frequently interrupted "The Avengers" movie I struggled to enjoy Saturday night. But I'm happy to report that "Minority Report" ran straight through Sunday night without interruption because I logged in through Google Chrome instead of Internet Explorer 10. So now I know better. Vudu seems to like Chrome but hates IE
I registered for the forums just so I could comment on how awful the buffering is today. I can't watch anything, no matter which resolution I choose. And, of course, I jus bought a new movie. Not shockingly, the transaction so Vudu could process my credit card was swift. But trying to watch the movie i just purchased is impossible. I would like to be able to reccommend Vudu to others, but i hold back due to the normal buffering issues. After today, I will have to see vast improvement before i will make any other purchase myself.
....this is ridiculous. I was willing to cut Vudu a tad of annoyed slack due to the Thanksgiving weekend. "They must have a lot of traffic" I thought. But now it is Monday, and I still can't watch anything. Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime and, oh, everything else has no buffering or lag issues. SO it ain't me. I guess I will just purchase my movies from Amazon from now on. What good is buying it " the day it is released" if i cant watch it?
Who is it, then? If it was Vudu, every one of us would be affected. When I had buffering issues, I called tech support, and they fixed my issue. It took a while, but they fixed it, and I haven't buffered in months. I recommend you do the same.
If I have to call them to get it fixed, it is still THEM. I don't have to go to such lengths for any other streaming service. Regardless, I did open a case, so perhaps they will resolve the issue.
It could be your ISP. That's more or less where my problem lied. The packets were not making it through my ISP's routers, in a nut shell, causing buffering. Again, if the problem was in Vudu's end, everyone would be affected.
If you're buffering, please contact our support team. We really want you to enjoy your experience, and would like to help troubleshoot the issue. I apologize that you've encountered some troubles using the service.
I just bought stuff, but without a clear log out, I don't feel secure. How do I know someone isn't hacking into my account information? 
Every time I order something that shows the prime on it, it still takes 5 days to get. What happened to Free Two Day Shipping with prime?
Use the yellow Contact Us button on the right side of this web page to speak to Amazon customer service.
I have a $25 gift card balance in my account but when I try to order something it charges my credit card instead of my gift card. I've been trying to get help on this for an hour. Is there any way to talk to a person?!!!
Look over on the right. See thar big orange contact us button? Click on that.
I need Amazon phone number
There are "Help" links at the top and bottom of every Amazon page, a "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page, and a "How do I contact Customer Service?" link on the right side of this page.
"Was a special offer showing (boogie board-$5 offer) which I wanted to purchase but when I placed into cart a message kept coming up that there was an error and I .
was unable to purchase item."
The same thing happened to me.
Loretta and Diana, can you share the link? I'm not sure which item you're referring to. If it was one of our Lightning Deals, it's possible that it was out-of-stock, limiting your ability to checkout.
"I have secured internet access, password should be typed on the internet explorer to be allowed to access the internet , that makes it must having internet explorer to type the password, my question is >>>>>>
Does Amazon fire TV have internet explorer app- , or can I even download it , or does it have nay similar browsing apps?
Thank you"
"There is no browser available on the Fire TV currently.
"
"Amazon Fire TV folks,
I want to use Amazon fire tv today and thousands more.. but need Dish world international subscription? Do you know when its coming? Its great if you can add Hindi international subscription as well. FYI- roku has both…"
WWe are just other customers here like you so have no knowledge when anything will become available. Keep checking the app page. Mary
Books I purchased on line do not show up on Kindle. I've never had this problem.
Have you connected your Kindle to wireless and sync'd?
is there a way to search Prime only?
If you're asking about Prime videos, you can use this link http://www.amazon.com/b/ref=nav_yr_prime_rsas_explore?ie=UTF8&node=2676882011 If your asking about Prime eligible products, there is a Prime filter on the left side of the department pages.
Bob, If you try this link, for example, you'll see the Prime filter on the left side of the page http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Delectronics&field-keywords=laptops
I can not delete the items in my cart.
In your cart, you should see "Delete-Save for Later" right by the photo of the item. Click delete.
I ordered a product then canceled order 2 hrs later. Next day receive notice it is being sent. Do not need item, daughters husband already bought it. Why are they shipping after cancellation?
You cannot always cancel an order, particularly orders from third-party sellers.
Why not with such fast notice, I know the order was not prepared to be sent by that time. Are you sure they did not ignore the request on purpose to make bad sale?
"There is no defined time period in which you can cancel an order. You should always make up your mind before placing the order. Even with Amazon sales sometimes they move to shipping within minutes. 

When you order from a third party seller it is entirely up to the seller's discretion to accept cancellation requests or not."
So, do not purchase online through amazon unless you have read the minds of everyone involved with purchase. I will keep that in mind ,captain obvious. Will not use this service for a while, amazon has very little control of their suppliers. Merry Christmas
Amazon has no control of the third-party sellers, who are not suppliers at all but independent businesses. And I'd challenge you to find another on-line seller who allows you any opportunity to cancel at all.
Did I hurt your feelings or are you having a bad day? Either way, you are not helping the situation with your condescending, poor attitude. This conversation is over.
"I'm just explaining the facts. I don't have any personal interest in this at all. You apparently misunderstood and thought you ordered from Amazon. You did not, you ordered from a third party with an Amazon storefront. I tried to explain that to you. 

Plus I pointed out that cancelling orders is not something you can do most places, so getting upset that you couldn't do it with this third-party seller is just silly."
I was trying to redeem a digital copy of a bluray film I bought. I was credited the amount in my amazon digital downloads but when I pressed the buy button it charged my card instead of using the promotion credit like it was supposed to. I cant afford for my card to be charged for this. The promo credit is still there, can the cost still be transfered to my promotional credit instead of my credit card?
You need to talk to Customer Service. Click the "Contact Us" button on this page to reach them.
I recently placed an order and applied for a credit card to get $50 off and the credit card never went though
Not sure what you are asking. If you are inquiring about a credit card application, you need to talk to the bank you applied to as Amazon doesn't administer the cards in any way.
Amazon doesn't have anything to do with approving those cards, you need to talk to the issuing bank. GE Capital handles the Amazon Store Card, Chase Bank handles the Amazon Visa card.
i need to know the telephone number of amazon customer service
There are "Help" links at the top and bottom of every Amazon page, a "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page, and a "How do I contact Customer Service?" link on the right side of this page.
Can I add my laptop to be one of the devises used for linking to my Kindle library
You need to download and install the appropriate Kindle app on your laptop and register it to the amazon.com account that has your book. Information is here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?docId=1000493771
When I try to get on the internet, it says silk browser is not responding. When I try to open an app, it says the app is not responding.
amazonwoman, Try a re-start. Remove all cables, including power. Press and hold the power button for 30 seconds (time it). Ignore anything that comes up on the screen. After 30 seconds, release the power button. Press the power button once. Wait a few minutes for it to come back on. If that doesn't work, you can reach out to Kindle Support by using the "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page.
Tracing shows package was delivered several days ago, but we did not receive it. What do we do?
"Wallace, First check with the delivery company. If you don't have any success there, then check with Amazon customer service by using the ""Contact Us"" button on the right side of this page.
"
Click the "Contact Us" button you should see on this page and talk to Customer Service.
"I was checking my Kindle account and noticed that books have been ordered that I did not order. For instance, foreign books,
Chinese, Spanish etc. there are about four of them. What should I do I did not purchase these books?"
"Those were not ordered by anyone - those are automatically added to your account by Amazon. If you look further you'll probably find more. They provide dictionaries and users' guides in many of the languages your Kindle supports.. 

There's nothing you can or should do about them. If your Kindle needs them it will use them, otherwise they don't take any space and did not cost you anything. There is no way to remove them from your library."
"Thanks. Have a great day!
"
On December 12, 2013, I ordered two pool ques. One of them, the "Royal Flush" has a serious flaw in that twisting the stick, the top section separated, leaving threads and open spaces. I wonder if anyone else has experienced this problem as it looks like the manufacturer has changed the design eliminating the upper sections with a single section. The return period has passed and I have taped the section to cover the damage but I feel that with few casual uses, the product should have lasted longer.
After the 30-day return period through Amazon has passed you need to deal with the manufacturer about any warranty issues.
Does anybody know of a simple way to get rid of duplicate songs in the Cloud Player other than manually going through it?
"I'm hoping you get a response to this, as I have the same problem. I have more than 30,000 songs in my collection and as I'm uploading them, I'm seeing hundreds being duplicated.
"
"Was it me or was this guy kind of a D**K ?? when will the vtx blue 35lb bumper plates be back in stock??
Rogue Chat:
Hey Will how are you doing today?
Rogue Chat:
We have them on order and they should hopefully be back within the next 5-10 business days.
will:
ok because i ordered them and on 6/1 u said they will ship out in a couple days
will:
next time please just say 2-3 weeks
Rogue Chat:
If you had them on order before they went out of stock, yours are going to ship out sooner
Rogue Chat:
I dont have your order number, and therefore had no idea you had an order on the first, next time just let me know that before you ask.
will:
i would think all your shipments came in at the same time , thanks though
Rogue Chat:
I would think I know what our inventory looks like, but your welcome.
Rogue Chat has left the conversation. Currently in room: will.
** First time buyer and maybe last time"
Hard to read tone over text. I've had nothing but the best experience. They have replaced two of my SR-1 ropes for free that I had some issues with. I always get quick responses and great feedback from them. Been a customer for nearly two years and will be one for life. I encourage you to try again and don't let this one circumstance steer you away. Best of luck in the future.
I personally would have been a bit ****ed at that sarcastic response. The fact is that their business is growing and I am sure they are hiring peoe like crazy and speaking from a business owner with employees, staffing is one of the hardest part of a business especially a service oriented business. I am pretty sure that Bill and the management of Rouge does not approve of these kinds of rude communications and hopefully Bill will see and act on this thread. I wish that my customers will always let me know if any of my staff is rude in anyway because that is not what I pay them for!
"Will
It is not you, that sounds like he was being an ***.
I have an awesome crew but it looks like one of them woke up on the wrong side of the bed. 
I apologize for this and will get it taken care of.
With regards to your plates, we ran out of VTX plates last week and will have yours shipping to you the second we get them. Hopefully you are getting some use out of everything else. I just checked the tracking and looks like it has been delivered.
Again not the norm so sorry about that
Bill"
I did just receive an apology email from the guy so no hard feelings, thanks Bill for taking care of it so quick and professionally
"I don't think that Rogue service is so great. 
They did a crappy job of packing some parallets I bought from them recently, which came scratched up out of the box. They gave me a runaround just to get some touch up paint for the scratches, and replacement screws for the cross-member, for the ones that had their threads bent from rolling around loose in the box during shipping. After a couple of email volleys, I gave up on trying to get them to make it right.
In terms of quality, the ends of the parallet tubing (the feet) had not been finished, leaving some pretty knarly metal slivers attached. File them myself and leave some more exposed metal. 
I am done with Rogue, there are plenty of other manufacturers with better prices. It seems like their bureaucracy has grown and their quality control and service are slipping."
"Paul:
I appreciate what you are saying and am unhappy with the issues you are dealing with.
1) Looks like the parallettes need new packaging. They get boxed at our painting operation and it sounds like that is getting sloppy
We will pull all our stock today and repack them
2) You should not have been offered touch up paint, you should have been offered a new set
3) I will address any issues on the tube opening with our manufacturing team
All of these issues can be fixed within the day.
We do require you send us a picture so that we can confirm and fix the issue. 
Again not the best thing to read but I hope you know that we take this very seriously. 
I left a bureaucratic environment at GM so I know what it looks and feels like. If Rogue ever grew to the point that I didn't feel like my team would respond to your issues I would know that it had arrived. 
I started out on this board like many of you guys/gals so you have my word that I won't lose my way.
Feel free to email me if you would like to discuss it further: bill@roguefitness.com
Thanks
Bill"
Same for me. I ordered the Rogue Rings, got them and after two weeks they were feeling rough and furry, I even got a splinter. I called up and they were like that should not happen, let us send you out another pair and tell us what you think, and just ship us back the ones you don't want. I said I definetly would. I realize it's only $72.00 piece of equipment, but that speaks leap and bounds about their customer service.
"The last thing we want is for someone to have a piece of Rogue gear they are not excited about. 
Do we make mistakes with all the stuff we are making and shipping, yes we do. Will we do our best to make it right, yes we will
Thanks for all the feedback
Bill"
"I know there are plenty of threads praising Rogue Fitness, their equipment, innovations, and customer service.
This is simply another one of those.
We have had a few issues with the Rogue HG collars breaking at the joints in our affiliate. A box full of broken collars were sent back to Rogue Monday only hoping for the best, as the collars are 6(ish) months old and get heavy daily use.
Already today, Thursday, we were emailed a letter and shipping confirmation for replacement HG collars.
Props to Rogue for, not only building the best equipment, but guaranteeing it as well."
Agreed, if I ever had a problem or question they always answered and SOLVED it in a timely manner. They will always have my business.
"Funny thing with these collars is that we made them so they wouldn't budge when the bar was dropped. The force from the drops, mostly lightly loaded bars dancing around was doing some damage to the cage on the collars.
We have been experimenting with different glass fill combos and plastic resin types. In the mean time if you have the issue we will replace them.
Thanks for the props, we work very hard at taking care of everyone. I started this business on this message board. 
Bill"
"I have the Rogue Bar. I noticed a while back that one side hardly spins, while the other sleeve spins for a while after. I thought it might even out or the oil may seep in to the sleeve over time. This hasn't been the case.
Then I remembered that when I first got the bar in January, I stored it vertically. At the time I read a thread were several people discouraged this practice. I never looked into why for some reason, I just stopped storing it vertically instead opting for horizontal on the rack.
Then today, after looking at the spin and once again trying to figure out the problem, I remember that there was once a bunch of oily substance on my rubber mat precisely where I had stored the bar vertically. I had never connected this before. Didn't know what the mystery oil was, now I strongly suspect it was the sleeve oil.
What can be done to remedy the bar? 
It isn't horrible but it is buggering with my clean, I may be going crazy but I feel the angular momentum on one side (spinning side) and not the other. This has gotten worse with my improvement. It was not as noticeable 8 months ago.
I've heard of 3 in 1 oil. Any recommendations?"
"Ed:
Common causes of this:
1) Oiling it with the wrong stuff
2) Oiling it period - It is a bushing bar so it needs to spin and not spin many revolutions after a turn. Sometimes just oiling it can cause the problem
3) Oiling it and pulling in dust
The good thing is this is a bushing bar so basically you have some how got some grime in there or bad oil combo. There are no bearings or anything else to worry about. A while back(year ago) all the bars went out with hyd oil in the sleeves and it would drain out etc so I switched to a lithium based grease. 
We may be at the point where we need to do some surgery:
1) If you are pretty good with tools, you can get some snap ring pliers and pull the sleeve. 
2) Clean it all up and reapply grease. You will then know exactly how to maintain the bar for the rest of your life. 
3) Call me and I can walk you through it. 614.358.6190
I do not recommend this as something that needs done on any regular basis but you may have to at this point. With the bronze bushing bars you should really never have to do anything them. 
Hope this helps!
Bill"
"Thanks for the quick response.
I actually posted here because I didn't think it was a problem particular to the Rogue Bar and that maybe there was a diy solution in this here open-source community of ours.
Anyway, thanks Bill. I will call asap."
"I think I may need to make a trip to C-bus to get my items and visit the store.
You have my business based on the customer service alone..."
"Ed:
If you get the snap ring pliers, give me a call and I will walk you thru some troubleshooting. 
The box vests are very nice, the strap is very easy to use.
Kevin:
You are always welcome, if you give us a heads up I can make sure either Kris or I is available to answer your questions. We are building our new gym in the next couple of weeks and it is going to be pretty sweet. 
Bill"
"I just got mine a few weeks back from RogueCanada - it's awesome. It's well built and scary loaded to the full tilt.
Highly recommend it.."
"Been a long time since I've posted on the boards, but it seems like this would be a useful thread to others (myself included). I ran into the ""no spin"" problem with my Rogue Bar recently as well.
Ed, do you think you could walk some of us through what you did to either change your perspective, or to remedy the problem?
My bar has been put to VERY limited use since I've gotten it. But it's still been beaten up a bit.
It has been dropped a handful of times onto concrete without any bumpers on it (yeah, yeah...). I drove it 300 miles in the bed of my truck during a rain and hailstorm. I've wiped it down with 3-in-1 oil 1 time since owning it (approx 1 year), but otherwise have done no maintenance to it.
Lately I've noticed that 1 sleeve still rotates the way it did when it was brand new. The other sleeve does not complete a single rotation without any weight on it, and with 10 or 20 pounds on it, and with enough force, I can get it to rotate once or twice before stopping. Typically the weights will spin on the sleeve, but the sleeve itself will remain stationary. As the sleeve rotates, I notice a sliding sound, like metal sliding on metal.
The other sleeve (the ""good one""), with no weight, spins several times before stopping. With weight on the bar, it can make quite a few rotations. There is no sliding/grinding noise that I can notice with it.
My concern isn't really whether it spins or not, but that both of the sleeves behave the same way. I haven't oiled the sleeves, and I can only imagine that the gallons and gallons of water dumped on it over an exposed 300 mile drive, somehow messed up the inner workings of things.
Any thoughts on what to do to get it good again? I don't wanna go *****ing with the sleeves and tearing things apart without knowing what I'm doing or why I'm doing it. 
The bar will be in the care/use of family while I am deployed, and I want to give it to them in a condition that they won't need to worry about it. Maybe if there are enough issues with this, some sort of sleeve care guide can be put out? I'm willing to bet that with the quality of Rogue bars, though, that these issues are few and far between"
"Elliot:
Easy Fix - Put some 3:1 oil along the bushing area where the sleeve meets the bar. Turn the sleeve to work the 3:1 into the sleeve and store upright over night 
If that doesn't work
Moderate Fix - Get snap ring pliers and pull the snap rings out, there are two per sleeve. If you don't feel comfortable with it then grab a buddy that is mechanical. 
Once off the bar clean it out like a gun bore and oil with 3:1
If you have problems with that and/or that doesn't work just call us and ask for me or Kris: 614.358.6190 We will get your back in order
Bill"
Thanks Bill, glad to hear that oiling the sleeve might be all that's necessary. I don't know a thing about barbell anatomy, so hopefully there's no disassembly required.
"Anyone have any experience getting the caps off the Rogue bar to get to where you can use the snap ring pliers? Do I need to grab a hammer and screwdriver to try and pry it off?
Thanks!"
I was wondering what are the benefits of doing pull-ups on a rotating bar?
Increased grip requirements. It's EXTREMELY difficult.
"Just wanted to pile on and mention how great it was to work with Rogue Fitness. Excellent customer service and super helpful!
I work out at a local Crossfit box, but part of me has been itching to have my own home gym for those days when I can't make it in to class. Unfortunately, I live in a condo and my only open space is a 6x8 patio area. Rogue's S-4 squat racks fit perfectly in the small space and the Rogue Bar I got is awesome. Great setup to do some front squats, thrusters, OHP, and kurls (suns out guns out). 
I placed the order on a Saturday or Sunday and the stuff was at my door by Thursday. I got one of the Crossfit packages (rings, kettlebell, wall ball, bumpers, barbell, etc) and everything was perfect and neatly organized.
Not only that, I called a bunch of times after to inquire about building my rack (what tools do I need, what size socket, etc.) and they were extremely helpful and patient. They also spent time on the phone walking me through how to care for my bar and equipment. Such great customer service - thanks again Rogue!"
I'm getting ready to make a purchase myself and was going back and forth between Rogue and another well liked company. Since Rogue has the barbell I want, at the same price and also with free shipping I will probably throw business their way. Too many great reviews like yours not to give them a try. 
"You are very welcome.
Thank you for the feedback and your business.
Bill"
Had a warranty issue and emailed Rogue. The very next day they had new equipment shipped out to me. I wish all of my customer service experiences were like that.
We stopped by Rogue while in Columbus. The first guy we ran into dropped everything he was doing and spent two hours talking to us about equipment, fabrication numerous other things. We spent most of the time in the warehouse pulling stuff off the shelves, testing and comparing.
"Honestly you will not find a better company (equipment provider or otherwise) than Rogue. Bill has a great group of guys who are cut from the same cloth. I am opening up my own little kettlebell gym and couldn't have done it without them. Thank God, I'm in Ohio. 
Even better is what they are doing for an American made products which means more jobs...
And no, I'm not just saying this because they gave me a free banner without asking for it!!! hahaha"
Yeah, I agree Rogue customer service is phenomenal
"Since we're drumming up the amen chorus here, I'll add that Bill went above and beyond what was necessary in my dealings with the company.

+1 for Rogue"
I've ordered a lot from them in the last two weeks and they have been very helpful.
+1 for Rogue customer service.
I'll jump on this bandwagon. I purchased pretty much my entire home garage gym from Rogue, and the experience was top notch (as was the equipment).
Rogue's top notch. Bill seems to have a special kind of pride about his business and how he runs it. As long as Bill (or someone with his leadership capability) continue to set the standards followed at Rogue, they're going to be on top of my list of suppliers.
"Just wanted to thank all you guys for your comments.
I started Rogue in my garage building a platform from directions found on this message board. Everything we make is based on the feedback from all of you and from my gym. 
We have a great team and without them this would be impossible. 
We get great product ideas every day and we are working on building our product team so more of those items can come to life!
Thanks Again
Bill"
"Gotta jump on the bandwagon here and sing the praises of Rogue. Their customer service is second to none. I just outfitted my box with just about everything from Rogue and they have been great to work with through the whole process. They are definitely my go-to place for gear!
Also stopped by CrossFit Columbus while I was out visiting my brother a year or so ago and had a great WOD there. Lots of nice folks there!"
"i wanted to give my impressions and a review of the rogue rings bill henniger @ rogue fitness recently started making. i've attached some pictures and how they compare to my set of powermax rings. 
i'm a novice on the rings, and just include them when the WOD calls for them. my skill level is basic with dips, pushups, muscleups, skin the cats, etc. 
first things first, these rings feel solid. they're solid metal and the diameter of the tubing is wider than my powermax rings and the powder coating finish feels great. it seems less aggressive than the grip on the powermax rings. 
the rings were easy to hang. way easier than the powermax rings. similar to the elite rings strapping system with plenty of length and immediate adjustments. the texture on the straps was smoother than the powermax ring straps, which is easier on forearms during high rep dips or pushups. overall they seem like a great product from a solid member of the CF community. if anyone has any other questions, let me know."
Jerry, thanks for the review. Did you happen to try putting chalk on the rings? I know the Elite II's hold chalk well while the PowerMax don't, so I'm curious as to how the Rogue's respond to chalk.
"Chris,
They hold chalk very well, everyone that trains in our facility gravitates towards these rings. 
Jerry,
How is the prototype product sent with the rings?"
"We had a peg board built to see if we could make it a reasonable for people that want to put one in their garage or gym. It looks like we hit dead center here. 
Curious to everyone's thoughts on our new peg board! Check out the pic attached."
how much are they and how are they mounted?
"Let me beat this up for a week and make sure there isn't anything I want to change with the design. 
I will post design options and pricing next week! I was thinking of making them overlap at the ends so you can build and H or an arch with the pieces. Maybe that is the Ninja Warrior getting the best of me.
Post your thoughts on what you would prefer, ex. 7' piece"
"Greg, 
The board is mounted on a wall and you hold onto wooden pegs or dowels that you use to climb by inserting the pegs into the holes and moving the pegs from hole to hole higher and higher. If more boards are used you can move side to side as well as up and down. Imagine a ""horseshoe"" of these boards and you climb up then over then down. If you can.   I haven't used one yet but have been wanting one to work out on."
"It is a peg board, most commonly seen in old school gymnasiums and/or ""Vision Quest"" haha:
1) Mount the board on the wall at desired height
2) Climb up the board from peg to peg while hanging from the pegs with your bodyweight(I guess you could do it with a vest, hmm)
Takes a great deal of upper body strength to pull yourself up the board with one arm!"
Mount it on the wall about 5-6ft up. Then you climb it by removing the pegs and inserting them incrementally higher. Like a series of alternating one-arm pull-ups!
"The prototype we have now may change a little. We are going to make them so you can set them up in an H or arch formation. 
Most of the peg boards out there are pretty expensive, just like our ropes we want them to be affordable for a garage or affiliate. 
I am going to put it on the wall tomorrow and will put a vid on YouTube directly thereafter."
"The holes/pegs are NOT just for going up/down/side to side... ours (in high school) had numbers that were seemingly placed randomly on the board... you would go in order from hole #1 to #2... so it wasn't just a simple climb up or down, but often a diagonal reach (up or down) with a wide spread and sometimes the number variance would mean that you would have to go cross-handed to get the next numbered hole.
Awesome!
I am totally envious of your affiliate's members!"
"We got it mounted at 5.5' off the ground, used 6- 1/2"" anchors to mount the peg board. Took about 30 minutes to hang the board with a good hammer drill. I wanted to see how this thing would mount on the wall before I put it in the store. We will have them in 6 & 12"" widths at 72"" long but will make any size that you want. You will be able to connect them. 
I like the idea of the numbers, maybe we could burn the numbers by the holes. Also going to make one in a parallelogram and an arch. Keep an eye on the store, it will hit soon.
I can do pullups, climb a rope but this is insane! The amount of strength it takes to climb this thing is sick! Now all I have to do is put up about 8 more and I can begin unleashing this on my classes."
Hello, Noob here I love Ikeas but I am looking for a piece that I saw in the 2005 US catalog. Does Ikea still carry pieces from 3/4 year ago?
Yes, IKEA does not completely renew their range every year. If you post what piece(s) you're looking for, we can definitely look into whether they're available or not. You can also give a call to yourlocal IKEA and/or check their website!
I do not remember the name, it was a dining room storage piece in blonde wood. two sliding doors and about 17" deep x 60" wide. If I can see an old catalog I will figure it out. Is there a place to see the old catalogs? from 2004/2005
Please note that all advice, information, and layouts provided byforum members on this site was done on a voluntary basis and out of kindness of their hearts. If you appreciate the help you received, please support this site and donate to keep it going.
YOU ARE A GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks!!! Its called the Pelto sideboard Are they still available?
hi, I'm also looking for this product. I have no idea by what name it goes by. help! THANK YOU
unfortunately they have been discontinued
Hello, does anyone know the name of the predecessor of the manstad sofabed? I have some trouble to get the thing out of my house. If there is still a manual... Would even be beter. Tnx! Jetske
I have two Narvik items, purchased in about 2000 and never taken out of the box. I would like to sell them. I can send photos of these items. They must be picked up. I am located in Brooklkyn, NY.
I'm looking for askerum DR 15X64" lgry NA Article # 300-667-92. How can I find a set? Lippma
I'm looking for a Vika Fintorp dining tables or even legs only. Help!
Does anyone know where I can get replace my bulbs for Glansa star lights? I bought them a long time ago and they are discontinued now. I need new bulbs or get a whole new curtain of the lights. Does anyone have some they want to sell? Thanks so much!
I'm looking for a shelf to put my Microwave and Toaster Oven on in my kitchen, and the only ones I can find are ugly wire shelfs. The shelf must be 17 - 18 inches deep, and it should be about 4 feet wide. Thanks so much!
How about one of these shelves (you don't need to buy the whole thing) IKEA | Wall shelves | Wall shelves | ASPVIK | Wall shelf
Those are nice shelves, but not deep enough, I need one that'll hold my microwave, and the deepest one is about 4 inches too short, I wonder if the actual store has different products than the website?
The stores tend to have more items than the catalogue/website
Good afternoon everyone. I am new to the site as of today. i am wanting to redo my small kitchn by using floating shelves instead of upper cabinets. Would anyone know about what size wood i would need and where i can get the steel brackets that the shelves would slide in. making the shelves look like their floating on the wall with no tools showing? Thanks In Advance, Kay
Are you thinking of something like Lack shelving? I think they come in a few different sizes.
i was looking for more of something i can use for kitchen shelveswith no brackets seen, but enough support to hold dishes etc. instead of using top cabinets
"Helllo Kjunior and welcome! The LACK shelves have a max weight of 11 pounds, so dishes are not a good idea! There is someone here (jackw) who did an awesome floating shelf system in his kitchen, with detailed instructions. Here's the link to his thread:
http://www.ikeafans.com/forums/progr...-pictures.html"
thanks for your reply. I'll look at his again. I was wondering if i could build my own for more weight.
Ikea's site says the shelves have "Max. load 11-33 lbs depending on type of wall and fastening." I'm guessing that means if you use goodlong screws into studs, you get more weight ? or...? We would like floating shelves too, but I'm not keen on the thickness of the Lack product, so I'm interested in anyone else spots any other options, preferably simpler than custom casting like Jackw installed. NB
Anything that you want to be bracketless will have to have some massively substantial rods holding it up like jackw designed in order to be sturdier than the Lack shelves. Jackw even installed it to his studs before adding sheetrock on the top to make sure it was wellsecured. There's a guy who likes to do things right. I wonder if it would be possible to use some kind of deck building hardware to go into the drywall and grab onto the sides of the studs (if they're wood) and mount a big bolt sticking out of the wall that way. You could stick the bolt into a hole drilled into some wood with some glue and maybe get some stronger ones that way?
Yes this is an interesing concept "to use some kind of deck building hardware to go into the drywall and grab onto the sides of the studs (if they're wood)". However, I wanted to preserve (without big holes) the polyethylene barrier (between pink insulation and the drywall) as this is important in in my cold Canadian climate. So my bracket design ensures both: heavy duty load (tested to 150 lbs ) as well as preservation of vapour barrier in my kitchen. Thanks for your kind words about my brackets:-)
Lee Valley sells the mounting rods for floating shelves too. You can mount them into your wall studs and make the shelved to fit your space.
In my new family room, the drywall is just about done, so we're just about ready for the fun part - furniture and decorating. We're going with tan carpet and couches with blue-gray walls, and a feworange accessories. I'd like to keep the room pretty "light", with very airy furniture all in light wood. Which brings me to my TV. We have a plasma, and it's 40" wide and about 70 pounds. The space I've got to put it in is 48" wide. I've searched everywhere (and spent lots of time at IKEA) and can't find anything I really like. So, in trying to be creative, I was thinking about shelves. Do you think I could use some shelf brackets from IKEA and just put the TV and components on shelves on the wall? I was thinking of the Bjarnum in the 14" depth. What do you think? Can it hold my TV or am I crazy? And if I'm crazy, any other good ideas? I tried a million different ways to try to figure out how to use kitchen cabinets, but 48" is a really tough dimension to work with in IKEA cabs. Everything wants to be 36, 60, or 72 (to use the over fridge cabs). Ideas?
Can you wall mount it? You can buy brackets to mount to the wall, some swivel or tilt too. Then you wouldn't need any shelves at all.
Thanks for the thought, Eva. I could wall mount it, but then I wouldn't be able to see it. The room is kind of an odd shapebecause the back of the chimney juts into the room about 15 inches. We're putting the TV to the side of the chimney in the kind of alcove it creates. If we put it on the wall, the chimney would block some of the view. Plus, those brackets are really expensive, and I need somewhere to put the components (stereo, DVD, and cable box) anyway.
I'm not familiar with these brackets except from what I see on the website but you can certainly strengthen your installation by doing any or all of the following:- making sure the screws go into the centre of a stud. - use longer screws, especially the top one since that's the one that is being pulled out of the wall.- buy another set of brackets and use them as intermediate supports. So 4 brackets spaced at 16" (to match stud spacing) equal 48". Perfect. - probably not necessary if you use 4 brackets, but if the shelf is weak, simply double it up. Finally, if you still don't have confidence with these brackets, try getting the L shaped brackets from a kitchen cabinet place. They typically use them to support a counter top extension where the extension forms a eating area.
Thanks, glee5. I'm definitely in for the longer screws and the center of the stud. I don't think the long (14.5") brackets come in "connector bracket" configurations, so I think I'm stuck with two brackets. I did check them out at the store last night, and they seem pretty solid. In addition, the shelf itself is pretty beefy, so I think it'll hold. I'll post pictures when I get it done!
We used the floating IKEA shelves that slide onto the bracket so you see no hardware; to ensure that they could hold a lot of books...above our heads in bed, DH drilled additional mounting holes in the original metal bracket and screwed into the studs all across the wall. Presto- weight limit raised from 18 lbs to like 80 lbs just like that. I have also mounted televisions in the special wall mount arms made for the purpose- made a lot of sense in a little room.
Can they be cut down at all? I know you would lose the finish on the ends, but how are they put together? I am planning a pantry wall with 4'-6" worth of open shelves between two cabinets and I am not sure what to make the shelves out of.
You know, I'm not 100% sure, but my recollection is that they are essentially a particle board box, so they could be completely open on the sides if you cut the ends off, and I suspect that would seriously compromise their "integrity." Sorry, I don't think that will work for this application...
No, you don't want to see inside the LACK shelves. They are basically giant pieces of corrugated cardboard.
what about this option? http://ikeahacker.blogspot.com/2006/...-tv.html#links
Okay, so I did it. I think it would hold on it's own, but I was pretty unsure, so I supported the ends of the shelf with homemade "legs". They're really PVC pipe and some bushings for feet all spray painted silver. They're just pressure fit and essentially used to transfer the load down to the floor. Here's a pic , but you have to ignore all the wires that I have not yet hidden and the speaker on the floor that is yet to be replaced with the one in the ceiling.
I like the look too... Kinda builtin modern. That certainly ought to hold the weight without a problem. That does NOT look like PVC, and the bushings make it very finished/professional looking.
I just installed a run of 3 wall cabinets - 2 3030's and 1 1530. My wall was pretty uneven and had to shim a bit under the rail. I used 2.5 inch #10 wood screws with washers for the hanging rail, anchoring into 4 studs, and heavy duty drywall anchors in between for good measure because of the shimming. The rail only supports the 3030's (long story), but all the cabs are screwed together. This is my second install, the first was 2 2430's on a hanging rail anchored into brick. My question is: Does anybody else notice some minor (very minor) flex or "give" when applying upward vertical force from below. And I'm not talking about "sagging" type of flex. I do have weight in the cabinets. I also notice this a little with the brick install. I'm used to a top and bottom wood hanging rail with conventional cabs that are rock solid. Any input would be appreciated.
I have installed 3 separate suspension rails. Two of them are on plaster walls, and onewitha newerdrywall. I used at least two 2 1/2 wood screws (no washers) for each stud and a couple more in between studs. I screwed the bolts very tight, and ganged the cabs tight. With 2-3 cabs on each suspension rail, I do not notice any movement when I push on them. They appear to be rock solid.One new rail was put up today. The other two were done 2-3 weeks ago. 
How even/uneven is your wall? I did a reevaluation and I am chalking up the movemenrt to crappy construction and the shimmed rail. I had a friend come over to check it out and he told me I was nuts, and the install was fine. No worries, but I'm still curious about your wall(s)
Nedloh -- I don't think we used any washers... They show using a pan head screw, not a tapered head screw, so I'd guess their point is that the screw should be snug against the rail. I'm not sure why you're using a washer, but you might want to look at your hardware if you remain concerned. Good luck!
I'm no engineer, but common sense (and past experience) has shown that when the head of the screw isn't much larger than the hole it's going through, use a washer. At the very least, I don't think it could hurt, besides loosing a few millimeters of screw grip. I just think that the actual hanging bolts fall on "unshimmed" areas and I'm seeing a bit of flex on the rail in those spots.
"I live in a 70 year old small solid brick home. I have bought 3 meters of tall pax wardrobes, with mirrored doors, to be installed in a room in the second floor, along the wall. Do I have to be concerned about the weight regarding the structure of the house ? (The wardrobe will weigh as much as 2grand pianos ). Do I have to mount the unit to the wall? And, if the answer is yes - how do I do that, there is nothing inclosed in the IKEA package? PS:The weight, with the ""komplement"" interior fixtures is approximately1230 lb (or 561 kg)- and I still have to add clothes and shoes....also: Do I have to remove the baseboard---?
"
Yes, they are meant to be mounted to the wall. In the bags of hardware there should have been some L-shaped metal brackets for that purpose, with matching plastic covers. You mount those at the top of the insides of the wardrobe with screws that are included -- as I recall, this is shown in the directions -- and then use appropriate fasteners to attach to the wall after the whole cabinet is assembled and upright. The fasteners are not included, since what will work depends on the type of wall you have (concrete, plaster, drywall, etc.) and whether you can fasten into a stud. If the brackets were missing, Ikea will give you some. I think you'd ask at the returns/exchanges counter. As to weight, I find it hard to imagine that they weigh as much as two grand pianos -- aren't those a half-ton each? I have the same amount of Pax and I think I remember that the cartons totaled around 500 pounds. Maybe the mirrored doors add more weight, plus the contents. Anyway, spread over 20 square feet, it doesn't seem like a lot per square foot. Then again, mine's in a basement with a concrete floor, so I never gave it any thought.
I have a pending order for 5 PAX units and was also concerned about baseboards when I learned I had to attach them to a wall. I came up with an idea though. I am going to cut a piece of MDF about 4" wide and the total length of the joined units. I will use 1/2" MDF because that is the depth of my baseboards. I am going to attach this spacer to the wall at the appropriate height and make sure I hit studs so it is secure (but also so it will be hidden once the units are against the wall). Then, when I go to attach the units to the wall, I can attach to solid MDFforthe entire lengthand don't have to worry about stud or drywall. This will also make a nice spacer solution with the baseboards at the bottom. On another subject, does anyone know if other Ikea friends on this site, would be willing to pick up something at their local store and ship it to me? I tried to order the Komplement pole with hook because I will need that to get my hangers from the top of the units. I am told they are not available on-line anymore because they are being discontinued. There is still stock in some stores and they are $5 each. I am a couple of thousand km's away from the nearest Ikea so I am very willing to compensate for someone's time and the related shipping costs.
I'm no expert, but as I understand it MDF doesn't hold screws particularly well. Maybe it doesn't have to for the application you're describing. Just a question.Â* Pam
Excellent question. I built all my rec room furniture from MDF and painted it with hammered paint (looks really cool). An ordinary wood screw will hold depending on the size of screw. A #4 or #6 would be useless in MDF but I have used larger screws and they are okay. They actually make deep thread screws just for materials such as MDF. The deeper threads grab better in the MDF. I used this type of screw in all the furniture I built and not a single problem. Deep thread screws aretypically available in stores that carry a large selection of screws (where I am from, that is Canadian Tire or Home Depot).
Are Pax wardrobes not made with a cutout for baseboards? All theIkea products I own either have a cutout at the bottom for baseboards or are on legs so you can push them all the way up to the wall.
It doesn't appear to have cut-outs in the web shots. I also phoned customer service and the person I spoke to said there is a problem if you have baseboards. So I am really not sure. I have a copy of the instructions but there is really no information about that in there. If they don't have cut-outs, it certainly would be a good idea.
No cut-outs on my Pax. Another solution, of course, is to cut the baseboards so they fit. That also eliminates the gap between the unit and the wall, assuming the wall is straight.Â* Pam
I first noticed this after my MBP [Retina] had gone to sleep, but: when returning to the login screen (since I have it set to require a password whenever the computer is idle long enough) I noticed what appeared to a very faint ghosting primarily noticeable on darker backgrounds. After messing around with it a bit, there seems to be a fairly consistent in-display ghosting that occurs without much time at all; I was able to leave my screen on (a little above half-brightness) for about 10-15 minutes and the ghosted "burn" would be of the screen I left it on (which I deliberately reconfigured so that everything would be a new position). Has anyone else experienced this? Is this a normal thing that I just have to get used to? It's not really noticeable at all in standard use.
I have experienced the same issue. I dont think it should do it. No screen should have a ghost image after a short period of time unless its a plasma. Im going to take mine back to the apple store when i return from overseas for work.
I had this same thing happen a year ago with the iPad 2 model.  The unit was used a little bit and then when I opened the app Pulse, which has a solid gray background, I could see the silhouette of the search bar for safari, and the header for my email Apps still there.  I tried the same thing but in a different orientation and after a few minutes of usage the ghost image would be in the new position. If you are getting this, take it back now as it only will get worse.  When I was at the Apple store looking at the new Retina MBP I wanted to buy one very badly.  However, I remembered the first run of some ot the last Apple products I purchased and how those products faired.  Try another one and if you don't see improvement, I'd just hold out for the next generation they release next year and let the kinks get ironed out.  The initial concern with Apple always seems to be get as many units out to the customer and quality will come in time once production is ramped back down. 
Thanks for the reply. Did you have any issues returning it? I am overseas for work for a month. Would i have a problem returnig it after that?
If I were you I would atleast call the store you purchased it from, get the manager's name and explain you wish to return it but are not able to from where you are.  If they want to send you a shipping label, assuming you have everything with you, that you can send the unit back that way too.  I have learned that it is becoming increasingly difficult to abide by the store's rules with such a silly 15 day return period.  I like to ensure my products are fully functioning and as a result I think 4 weeks is much better than 2 for a multitude of reasons.  They likely will work with you, but get some sort of confirmation on it now rather than later. They wanted me to go through the genius bar with mine and I know more than most of the employees working back there pertaining to computer hardware.  I took pictures of mine with the image retention and just wanted out with my money back.  Quality is important to me.  Especially at the pricepoint that Apple wishes to command.  I hold them to a higher standard as a result. 
Thanks for the responses (all). I'm gonna rock an apple store appointment some time this week and presumably I will try (and fail) to show the parts of the screen that are persisting. It's... Not exactly the easiest thing to see. We'll see! (hopefully)
If you're still in the return period you don't need to prove anything other than you don't need a "genius" to look at it.  You can return it regardless of whether or not they see it. What matters is you see it.  So they can either exchange it or give you your money back.  Time saved!  :)
"I'm having a very similar issue and it seems to always be around one area of the screen.  Its a bit above the dock and to the right of center.  Are you guys seeing it there as well?  I only started noticing it because I changed my background to solid blue. I'm also having this graphics issue, which I believe is software/driver:
https://discussions.apple.com/message/18690202#18690202"
I saw a genius today.  They ordered me up a new macbook due to the burn-in.  I may not see it for 3-4 weeks because I have a custom build, but I get to hang on to this one until then.
im hoping they let me exchange mine or get a refund when i return to australia. I am away for a month :/
"You should call them and at least let them know you have problem with the product and you are not in the position to return it back. If it goes over 14 days you can not return it for a full refund. Only way for full refund is 14-day return policy.
 
Let them know about your situation may be something comes up and they could help you.
 
Good luck."
"Hey,
 
Happy you kind of solved it and hope the new one be the one without any problem. I have a question about the part you said you have custom build. There is nothing custom in retina series, you mean you ordered the one with the 16G RAM or you increase the Flash storage. Because in those cases I guess there is no customization and they just get one with that spec for you. Am I right or it's sth else?
 
Thanks btw for sharing your updates here."
I increased RAM.  By custom, I mean not a base model and therefor not something they stock in the store.
I appreciate you reply. Thanks.
"I called apple and spoke to a senior person there and explained my situation. Due to me being iverseas its good that i reported it, because they gave me a case number and i should be able to get a refund by quoting the case number at the apple store when i return home.
 
Thanks for everyones help"
"Hey, those of you having this issue, I'd love to know what part of the screen your burn-in occurs.
 
I was messing with it last night and the mark goes from the bottom to about an inch above the bottom of the screen.  Its about two inches wide above the F8, F9, F10 keys.
 
Could be coincidence, but it seems like that is the hottest part of the computer, so it makes me think that the ventilation onto the screen or closing it while its hot could be causing the issue.
 
Hopefully, even if that's the case, it is because these units are defective in some way and are cooling properly.  I didn't notice it until I changed my desktop background to be a solid color, but its also noticeable in apps like Aperture."
"This is apparently becoming an issue.  Here's a link to a guy that I really respect for reviewing and configuring Mac's for photographers and he has screenshots showing the ghost images.  Clearly this is a problem with the Retina display:
 
http://macperformanceguide.com/blog/2012/20120623_2-MacBookPro-Retina-screen-bur n-in-ghost-images.html"
"Thanks a lot for the link.  The image he provides pretty much debunks my theory on heat around a particular area of the screen.
 
His case is much worse than mine.  I'm not sure if this reveiwer having it makes it anymore pervasive, but if my follow-up machine also has the problem, I will go for a refund and buy in a year.
 
It is quite possible that few people are noticing due to the busy background Apple puts on their machines by default.  He mentions that he uses a solid background image, as I do.  I'm going to do a little research to see if other people I know have the problem but haven't discovered it yet."
Definitely let me know what you find out.  I need to get a macbook for work (I am a photograher) so I'm seriously debating this.  While the Retina has such great potential, I'm leaning towards the older body and upgrading the guts with OWC 6G SSD's and 16GB of RAM.  Putting those in will bring the price to close to the Retina cost (if you add in the Superdrive and the stupid dongle for Ethernet)....why apple eliminate an ethernet port when you're going to have to download any software you want to install is beyond me.
"I e-mailed with Lloyd and his issue is top-center of the screen, so its nowhere near where mine is.
 
I think they simply couldn't fit an ethernet port in this slim of a profile.  The added cost *****, but its not so bad in use.  I have the ethernet adapter permanently attached to the end of my ethernet cable at my home desk and then one in my bag.
 
edit:  They bleeped out the work S x U x C x K x S  haha
 
Message was edited by: aut0maticdan"
I stopped by the Apple Store yesterday and they are ordering a new laptop for me. I hope the replacement is better. Here's a short video I made showing the image persistence problem: http://youtu.be/m1Y-b9B2hJc
"One thing you guys need to keep in mind about Apple warranties so that you won't feel quite so pressured time-wise:
 
The 14 day warranty return is a ""no questions asked"" return.  During this period, you can return the machine because you don't like the color of the keyboard and they won't question it.   You can get a new computer or you can get your money back.
 
Apple still has a 90 day full warranty that included phone tech support and a one year limited warrenty on defective parts.
 
Ghosting on a display screen is a deffective part and they will fix or replace it.  I had this happen on one of my older MBP's when the display failed entirely... and it was beyond the one year mark.  The graphics chip failed on it which had been a known problem.  Apple gave me a new computer (OK refurbished), replaced it's hard drive with mine, and returned it to me ready to go with a 90 day warranty on the replacement.
 
So, Apple is pretty good about supporting their equipment if a part has a defect, even if it is after the warranty has expired. After 14 days, you won't get your money back, but they will replace or repair it.  They just shipped me a box to send in my FIRST generation ipod nano to replace it because they have been known to have potential battery defects.  I must have had it at least five years.  It worked fine, but now I get a new one with a new battery because they offered.
 
All of that being said:  When I get the new MBP with retina, I will get the Apple Care Warrenty because of the machine's lack of repairability."
"Apples warranty is worthless to me.  Their quality suffers, service is falling short, quality control questionable, and if you haven't seen the post on retina displays for iPad, then you're missing out.  Get it done before the 14 day period because afterwards, you have to play by a whole different set of rules which goes to the tune of it falling withing Apple specs. 
 
Apple has two types of consumers.  Those who know what they want and are knowledgable about hardware, and those who like pretty things and enjoy the software.  The latter will believe anything their staff say.  I've had store employees ask me how to do stuff on their own computers.  Not sure whether to feel good or not about that experience. 
 
I love apple products, but can't help but feel they are losing sight of who they once were quality wise."
"I stopped by an apple store today and could not get burn-in on two of the floor models.  I put up pattern that covered the screen for a few minutes and switched to a blue background like I have on mine.  No sign of burn-in.
 
I feel much better about my replacement that is on the way."
"I stand by my statement based on my experiences.   Is there another computer company that honors their equipment better than Apple?  I honestly don't know because I have always had Apple products back to the IIE.  I know that there are no compaies that offer the breadth of sevice available at the Apple Stores.  And yes, there have been times when I know something about the computers that the sales reps. don't, but almost never a Genius Bar rep.    They also have turned me down for items I requested on warranty, most notably a plastic besel that had all the paint peeling off of it on the old Titanium MBP.  They said it was cosmetic... and it was, not affecting the way the computer operated in the least.
 
Are they losing sight of who they once were?  No.  Every product they have ever introduced has had initial problems of one sort ot another.   As you indicated in an earlier post, sometimes it's better to wait until some of the early problems get corrected.   I actually had less problems with my mid 2010 MBP than any other of the many machines I have purchased from them.  I waited for six months after that machine was introduced to purchase it, too.
 
I've also never walked away angry about a warranty issue, sometimes disappointed that they didn't agree, but their decisions always made sense.   Yes, if you can return the machine with ghosting problems in the first 14 days, by all means do so.   But Apple should still fix it if ghosting becomes a problem after that period."
"I'm with you on 14-day return policy and after sell services. It might happen to have some stores being pain in the a** but not all of them. And if you see something unusual or something that it's not on the contract you just call the center they will assist you in the best way.
 
I return very fine 15-inch (late 2011) a day after WWDC 12 keynote. She just asked may I know why? I said the new ones are better and cheaper! She laughed and said alright we send you DHL to collect the product and so on.
 
Don't worry about it. Even if you didn't buy AppleCare at the first place you can get one before your one-year warranty finished and extend it to two more years.
 
Special thanks to aut0maticdan and the others for their latest updates."
"
I've read that Apple is still working on a 17 inch retina display but there are issues manufacturing it.  I hope in the next year or so they work out the screen issues and release an 17"" MBP with all the bells and whistles. I'm definitley waiting for that one."
"Confirmed on mines as well.
http://iloki.nl/2012/06/24/macbook-pro-retina-ghosting-burn-image-retention-issu e/"
Looks like I won't be buying a 15 inch Retina Mac Book Pro anytime soon... will keep an eye on this thread and see if it dies down or grows out of control.  First generation Apple products, welcome to being a test subject.  I had the first intel MBP, that got replaced 2 times. 
"Confirmed with mine rMBP today after reading this thread.
 
Sadly to see the burn-in image on mine screen, either. People who own this machine probably could try to produce this issue by putting a staic image/web page on screen. Leave it without moving at least 20 mins. Then, click CMD-H to hide the window.
 
If you are lucky enough, you won't get any burn-in image. Good Luck!
 
 
Refer to http://macperformanceguide.com/blog/2012/20120623_2-MacBookPro-Retina-screen-bur n-in-ghost-images.html, always apply a dark gray backgound as the desktop picture first."
After 20 minutes of a static screen, I received a very slight screen burn. It was difficult to see on the blue background, but I could still make it out after careful examination. Should I exchange it for a new one, or does it seem fine to you guys?
"I have experienced the same issue, today.
After i came home form work I looked at the screen of my new MacBook Pro Retina and saw the burn effect a bit above the dock. I'm using a dark grey background.
 
For me it looks like Retina is not ready in the MacBook Pro.
 
I called Apple, and they told me that it would take several weeks to exchange it in Europe, because of the high demand.
 
JO"
It could just be a bad batch becuase a lot of people bought it and they are using it. I know they might not know that at the moment but still few of them have this problem. I hope mine doesn't have this (it's still one its own way) but if it does i will get another one.
Nothing with burn-in display seems fine. If you are still in 14-day return policy well just get another one or if you passed over 14 days make an appointment with Genius Bar and let them check it for you and exchange it with a new one.
I'm wondering; are there people as well without this problem? if so this must have been a bad badge.
I'm really hoping it was a bad batch... would be great to see some people who did not have the problem and who were testing it extensively
"Well we can always count on the people who bought it at the first or second week as a blogger, reviewers, etc. I hope they worked extensively with the device and not just review the features and make movies.
 
I'm crossing my fingers to be a bad batch."
So Maziyar, you have no issues with burn in?  Have you tried it as per the other reviewers?
"Hi,
 
Mine is still on the way but I could test this with the one in the store. It wasn't 20 minutes but I could keep everything on the screen without moving for almost 16 minutes and I couldn't find any burn in.
 
I hope it was a bad batch. Nothing to worry about you can replace it and get a new one really easy the only problem is shipping date which if they don't have your customized MBPR (like 16G RAM ro 2.7GHz CPU) in stock you have to wait all over again."
I guess waiting all over again is better than not able to get it replaced.  I am still waiting for mine...  which I ordered last week, like many other users had said, hope this is just a one off batch.
"Note that it's not really ""burn-in"" as would happen on a CRT or plasma, it's image persistence that WILL go away over time.
 
Wikipedia entry on Image Persistence
 
If it bothers you, and Apple will replace it, go ahead and get your unit swapped out, but it's likely the issue would go away on its own.
 
I've personally had this happen on LCD monitors and it does go away after a few days at most and displays seem most susceptible when new."
"It sounds like the headphone… required burnning time to explore beautiful sound.
 
I do hope that it is this kind of situation, but how I can tell? Is there any way to speed up the progress? Thanks."
" haven't seen this burn in problem yet, but has anyone seen the problem where the display doesn't repaint properly?  I am having to reboot my machine at least once a day because the windows are not repainting themselves properly. Very frustrating.  Could this screen refresh problem be related to the burn in issue? It seems like the munged screen repainting is more of a software issue.
 
So if I take my mac back to the store, and exchange it within the fourteen days, can I exchange the new one in fourteen days, and keep doing that over and over until I get a machine that works properly?
 
Also I have everything installed that I want installed. I have a Time Machine backup. Can I use that Time Machine backup (via ""migration""?) to setup the new mac just like the old one?  Or are there things I will have to worry about reinstalling?"
"I don't think your problem with redrawing related to the image retention or persistence.
 
Yes in 14-day return policy you can return your machine without question. I'm not sure though you can do it every 2 weeks. Btw you have to wait at least 3 weeks if the sore doesn't have anything in stock.
 
Yours is OK. Back to store and let the genius look at it. It seems to me it's a software issue.
 
good luck."
"GarnetR - I believe you're experiencing the same problem as me!  I shot a quick video and youtubed it, you can check it out here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ODtHj1RDjE&feature=youtu.be
 
This still seems like image retention to me, as the scattered ghosting results in trails and I need to completely restart the machine to get rid of the issue.  It's happened about 12-15 times since unboxing the laptop on Friday the 15th."
"Hi,
 
I watched it for many times and I still think it's a software issue. Image retention or persistence is something that happens when you left the screen for an extended period of time.
 
Still, doesn't mean there is nothing wrong with yours! just go to the store and show them your video. The video is the best thing you can show them and let us know please what caused that horrible situation.
 
best of luck for you"
"Return the unit. Stop rewarding Apple for releasing defective displays.
 
Apple has a serious track record now of utterly ruining first release graphics and screens on these things. Wait 12 months and for everyone else to figure out the problems.
 
Why anyone buys brand new MBP right at release anymore is beyond me. They never work right and are nothing but a hassle. 8 months after release, they're great."
I think your right. I bought mine and just came back from the store to do a replacement. There seems to also be a problem with the thunderbolt too because 31g of data shouldn't take 4 hours to migrate.
"And keep in mind I'm not saying avoid Apple entirely. I just waited the 8 months for them to figure out all the broken crap before I paid for it.
 
And this recommendation isn't coming from one or two years of experience, I've been buying MBP's since 2001. The retina unit will be TRULY ready probably in November or December."
"That depends on the number of files.  Try transferring one large file and see what your transfer rates are.  I get pretty amazing performance to the promise pegasus R6.
sjam wrote:
 
I think your right. I bought mine and just came back from the store to do a replacement. There seems to also be a problem with the thunderbolt too because 31g of data shouldn't take 4 hours to migrate."
freeing up storage space
"I have an iphone 4s and 5s and cannot send email on either.
I can receive, but when I try to send the message reads
'Unable to send. A copy has been placed in outbox. Sending the message content to the server failed' 
Please help, I am really confused!"
I plug my iPhone 5 into my computer and it will not come up in itunes.  All I get is the "Trust this Computer?"  Please help
The ones i have added my self are there but the ones i have bought are not, they appear in itunes but when i try to put them into my phone nothing happens
can't verify my iTune store account....I applied for it ,put in my details and all...then iget the message about the e-mail sent to me to verify the account. Im not getting my e-mail verification...plz help!Itune
I got an iphone 5s and it's almost been a month but when i take pictures it jumps directly into the homepage..it doesn't happen frequently though..please help me with this..
how do i restore my old icloud pictures so i can look at them. i lost my old phone and i want to find a way to get my old pictures
How long does it take for photos to show up on my ipad, some happen right away, others never , thanks
The article below may be able to help you with this.  Click on the link to see more information.  Photos should be automatically uploaded when you have a Wi-Fi or Ethernet connection.  
"In video app I have a white text (time, battery etc.) on white background in default video app.
I have already restored my phone as new, changed wallpaper from dark to bright and vice versa."
How do I recovery lost photos on my iPhone 5 without backup? I had to restore it but when I restored it, the last backup was august. I've lost a lot of photos,apps,contacts,messages &amp; bookmarks. I tried using Dr. Fone but I still can't get anything back. I need some help! :(
I'm using a mac I can't open it when its done downloading. And I've tried a few more recovery apps it still didn't help, any idea?
This just started happening 2 days ago. When making a video/vine, you can't hear any audio playback. All I get is a hissing noise. But if I hold the phone up really close to my hear, I can kind of hear my voice/music/whatever I was recording.
now I am having problems using the iPhone... it does not let me create an new account on iCloud (from phone) and when I try to use my "apple id" tells me I that "the maximum number of free accounts Have Been activated on this iPhone" and I can not do anything at all ... In this case what can I do?
"It sounds as if your brother did not erase the iPhone before giving it to you.  You should start out with a completely erased iPhone, so software-wise, it will be just as if you took it out of the box for the first time.
 
To accomplish this, do Settings > General > Reset > Erase all content and settings"
well I did all the things you say men, but now when I try to create the new iCloud account it says this "Can´t Create Apple ID, this device is no longer eligible for creating a free iCloud Account" and nothing happens
I looked up on YouTube to see if anyone else was having this problem but all I could find was people with a violet/purple spec problem. Does anyone else have this problem with circles?
I am having this exact same problem and can't find any help. Did you manage to fix this?
I took a bunch of pictures this weekend and was unable to back them up. I hooked my phone up to itunes this morning and restored a back up from my old phone and it wiped out all my new pictures, how do I recover the new pictures?
Sorry you don't since those pics weren't backup or imported to your computer.
Recently I had found out that whenver I take pictures the image doesn't come out full normal it comes out squared and the rest is black. I don't know what to do, any suggestions? I'll gladly appreciate it ! Thanks!
Its probably because you have it set on "Square" instead of "Photo".  In camera mode - look at the bottom of the screen.  Slide the words from Square back to Photo
I thought that was the problem at first I did that but it still comes out squared like a rectangle type. Its doing the same on both sides.
Try closing the Camera app before you reset from square to photo.  Double tap the Home button to show apps in background.  Scroll to the camera app and swipe it upwards then tap Home button again. Go back to camera app and reset to photo.
"
my iPhone was stolen I would definitely lock"
You would then login at iCloud.com & try to locate it. This requires the phone be turned on & have an Internet connection. There is no other way to locate a lost/stolen iPhone. Apple can't/won't help you, nor will your carrier. Report the loss to the Police, your carrier & Insurance company. Change all of your passwords, NOW!
HHow can I enable facetime
"If your iPhone is bought from the Middle-East, you do not have FaceTime.
What model are you using?"
today it shut off and now when i plug it in the apple symbol comes on and then goes off and just keeps repeating that until i unplug it and then its turned off. i have no idea whats wrong with it, could anyone help?
You could try sticking a small paper clip or something where the lock button is and try to turn it on. If this doesn't work you will need to order a new iPhone.
I have tried restoring the device but everytime I try I get Error 1669 and the restoration crashes on 'Restoring iPhone's Firmware' I was just wondering what I could do to get the phone back to before I erased it. Any help would be appreciated, Thanks.
Error 1669 can be similar to error 1.  Try the troubleshooting steps for error one as outlined below.
Any updates to this issue? I'm getting the exact same error and was unable to restore or exit recovery mode after following the steps provided. It always fails at 1669.
Could you fix the problem? I have the same right now and don't know what to do.
I had the exact same problem and followed the same steps with the same result... I am in Thailand now and have to wait three days for Thai New Year holidays to end before I can get it looked at.
I need iOS 5.1.1
"If you are using iOS 4 (or earlier) there is no Software Update in Settings. That feature was first added in iOS 5.
 
To update you will have to connect your iPhone to iTunes on a computer (preferably the one you sync with and backup to)."
why is factime using mb on my phone
because in settings/cellular/use mobile data for oyu it set to use moble data for facetime
sure go to where I said and and change the setting.  Then when you use facetime it will only work when you have a wifi connection
"
I reset my Iphone 5 , now it continues to search"
It sounds like rather than connecting to your cellular network, the phone says Searching in the upper left corner constantly. I would use the troubleshooting in the following article to help resolve the issue
My iphone 5 sound has suddenly stopped working overnight. Is this a software problem?
"Hi there Jay_34,
You may find the troubleshooting steps in the article below helpful."
i do not know the answers to my security questions, and i would like to buy some in-app-purchases, but it makes me answer my security questions in order to buy the in-app-purchases.
Unless you have a rescue email address, & I suspect you don't, you'll have to call AppleCare to fix this. Contact numbers here:
"Does turn by turn update respond to traffic? E.g. My tom tom will at some point during my drive to work suggest a different route if there is traffic ahead.
 
Second question would be does it take current traffic into mind when planning the route?"
"With Maps, you get real-time traffic information to calculate your ETA. Maps gives you details on what’s causing a backup, so you can tell if there’s a major incident or just a temporary slowdown. And if traffic’s a mess, Maps offers alternative routes to save you time."
"How can I establish if the contacts are on the micro sim?
They are just fone numbers that we need for Viber/Whats App etc, no email addresses.
Thanks"
I don't know of a way to verify that; it is possible that the shop that may have originally copied them has a device that can read the sim and that they could check. Here is some more info on the iPhone sim: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4994
"Good afternoon,
Our organization was approved for Google Grants, but when I applied with our gmail account, I received an email that there were issues with the account and that I need to create a new account which Google Grants will verify. I created a new account with a different gmail account. Do I need to do anything so that the Google Grants team knows that this account is associated with our organization?

I didn't reapply to Google Grants because our organization was already approved, but I'm not sure how to make sure that this new account is reviewed for our organization for Google Grants.

Thank you kindly for your response. "
The email you received will contain information for how to reapply.
Hi Google--thank you very much for AdWords for our botanical garden. I've set up 2 campaigns but I don't see any impressions. Can you help me out?
"Hi Vanessa,
There are a couple of things that you can do:
First, make sure that all of your campaigns are enabled.
Second, check the keyword status. You can learn how to do this here: http://support.google.com/adwords/answer/99482?hl=en
Third, use the Ad Preview and Diagnosis tool: ://support.google.com/adwords/answer/148778?hl=en

This will help to identify why your ads are not displaying and then you should be able to fix the issue.

If you are still running into trouble, we can certainly help, just come back here and let us know what you have found out using the steps above,

All the best,"
"Hi there.

I've done all the things mentioned above and the ad preview says my ads still aren't running.

I'm getting the ""Your account isn't active because you haven't entered your billing information"" error, but during Google Grants setup it gave explicit instructions not to enter billing info. Could this be my problem?

I have an ""eligible"" campaign with ""eligible"" keywords. Thanks."
"It can take a day or two before the enter billing prompt goes away.

Give it a week and if it is still there then follow back up and we can see about escalating it for you.
Robert"
It's been two weeks since we were approved and we've had everything setup and "eligible" for almost as long.
"Did you submit your AdWords account for review as described in the Grant Account Creation Guide?
https://support.google.com/nonprofits/answer/3127242?hl=en&ref_topic=1656725"
I went to the Google for Nonprofits enrollment page and AdWords says "approved".
"Please send me the EIN of your organization and the CID of the AdWords account and I will have the grants team look into it for you.

You can use the ""reply to author"" feature by clicking the drop-down menu next to the gray arrow button on the right of this post, next to the time-stamp."
"We have a google grant for adwords, but I do not know what our daily budget is. How do I found out? 

Dana Bean, Union Station Homeless Services 
"
"Hi Dana,

If you followed this Grants Account Creation Guide, then you will have set your daily budget to $329 and your default maximum CPC is $2. 

Google Grants gives you the potential to spend up to $10,000 USD per month. How much of this monthly ad budget you benefit from depends on how much time and how much Google AdWords search engine marketing expertise you have. 

If you have any other questions, please do not hesitate to post it on the forum.

Best regards,

Charles Dieu"
"Hi Charles,

Thanks for clarifying! I know Google also sometimes says its $330 a day (example http://www.google.com/grants/details.html), but assume that's a mistake. $330/day would actually work out to $10230 for a 31-day month. See, the power of math in action!
"
"We are in the process of getting our AdWords grant request in and I noticed the restriction to link to the main site of the organization.  As an organization we are not the focus of our project and instead use specific mission based websites for the different arms of the organization that are the public facing entities.  For example one of our projects is a nation wide disease registry, it has its own website, can we use AdWords to link to that affiliate site?

Thanks,
Brian Becker"
"Hi Brian,

Google Grants lets you link other URLs you control as long as it links to your original site and follows their guidelines (so no banner ads on the pages, ect). Here's the link to exactly what Google says Can I Promote Additional Websites. Hope this helps. If not, please post again."
Google Grants for Adwords says Approved...does this mean we can move forward and create campaigns?
"Yes, yes yes! :)

All the best,"
We set up a campaign and it says approved by our ads aren't being served. What do we do?
"Hi CSquaredCollective,
Are you a US-based nonprofit?

If so:
To view the status of your Grants enrollment:
Go to the check status page for your organization, making sure you are logged into the Google Account associated with your Google for Nonprofits account.
Click on the 'Enroll Now' link that appears next to your approved application.
The status for each enrollment will appear at the bottom of each product section. 
Additionally, you will receive an email from us stating if your enrollment was approved or needs follow up.

Enrollments still pending review will appear as ""In Review"" on the status page. 

If not, have you submitted your AdWords account to the Grants team for review. For instructions on how to do this, please see your acceptance email for the link to enroll in Google Grants.



All the best,"
"Coppin Heights Community Development Corporation
is based in the USA and our status is approved, we've set up a campaign, there are no error messages and none  of our ads are running. "
"Have you enabled your campaigns after submitting your AdWords account to the Google grants team and getting it approved?

All the best,
Robert"
When you say enable what does that entail? If we haven't created a campaign yet or if we create our first campaign what does one do to enable? This is assuming one is approved already.
"Hi Luis,
Once the grant team has approved your account, they will set all of the campaigns in paused mode, and you will have to enable them before they go live. They do this so the account is not live and sending traffic to your website without you being aware of and prepared for it.

You can find more information on how to change campaign status and enable your campaigns here:
http://support.google.com/adwords/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=2404259

All the best,
Robert"
"A few questions...We are trying to set-up a video campaign. And we keep getting the errors after trying to submit the campaign. See attached. Are we doing something wrong?

Also what kind of daily budget are we allowed under the grants program for nonprofits? I know its between $300-$10k a month but where can we see that?"
"Hi keepabreast,
With a grant account you can only run text ads on search via Google.com.

To run video ads you will need to set up a separate paid account.

Regarding budget, you are allowed up to $330/day.
Robert"
"Hi there, 

We keep running into the same error for the past two days when trying to access our Google Grants account. We tried pressing the ""join today"" button as well to see, but it also comes up with the same error below:

500. That's an error.

This request resulted in an internal server error. That's all we know.

I have successfully enrolled in other services such as Youtube for Nonprofits. 

Please help, thanks! 

"
"Please provide a link to the page you are trying ot submit from and I will escalate it.
-Robert"
"Hi there, we are trying to access from the main non-profits page:
http://www.google.com/nonprofits/"
"No errors on this side. Where are you trying to access the site form? From US or another country?

Without being able to recreate the errors on this end I am afraid their is nothing to escalate.Can you provide screenshots of the steps you are taking?

Robert"
"We are attempting to access the site form from the US. Someone else on our team manages another non-profit and logged into her Google Grants account no problem, so it doesn't appear to be an internet issue.

Here are the screenshots of what we incur if we try to either sign in (as we do have an account) or attempt to join (just to check if we can even access)."
Are you trying to access those pages directly? The reason I ask is that most times when this happens the user logged in under a Google account that is NOT an admin on the G4NP account and is trying to access pages within the G4NP portal directly, without going through the home page and signing in. This is fairly common since many people have multiple Google/Gmail accounts. 
I run the admin account in incognito (but have also tried it in other browsers in regular where there are no accounts signed in) and go through the G4NP portal. Is there another way I should try?
"Hi, 

Do we have any update on the situation? "
"Hi, we just want to check in to see if a ticket was filed for this.

Thanks."
"All 500 server errors are automatically submitted to the engineering team. Additionally, without being able to recreate the error, there is nothing that can be escalated.

Are you trying to access your Grants account? Or are you trying to enroll in Google Grants? If you are trying to access your Google Grant account as mentioned in your first post, then you go to adwords.google.com

If you are trying to enroll in Google Grants then you go to www.google.com/nonprofits and navigate to the product enrollment page. If you continue to run int o errors, then please diagram the steps you are taking and include screenshots.
Robert"
"Hi, 

Forgive me for intruding, but we're experiencing the exact same issue when trying to sign up for Google for Nonprofits, and after Googling the error, we found this thread. We have been getting the ""500. Thant's an error,"" message for the past two days, no matter what browser we use. 

We would very much like to sign up for Google for Nonprofits, but no matter how we go about accessing it, http://www.google.com/nonprofits/account/signup/us gives us this error message, every time. 

We are trying to access the site from the US, and have been starting the process at http://www.google.com/nonprofits/join/ and clicking the ""Apply to Google for Nonprofits"" button. Screenshots from this process (such as they are) are attached. 

Please let us know if there are any additional updates to this error. Thank you!"
"Hi Robert,

We've been trying to access our Grants account. From what I understand, this account has been enrolled but now I am running into the problem where I have to submit the application in again for the entire program to enroll but the associative identity is already listed and I am asked to request administrative privileges? "
"Depending on how you set it up, the Grant account may have separate log in information than your G4NP account. Log in to your G4NP and you can check the status of product enrollments such as Ad Grants.

If you are having trouble logging into your G4NP account it is likely because you are logged in under a different Google account than the4 one that is listed as Admin on the G4NP account. This is VERY common since many people have multiple Google accounts for personal, business or nonprofit.

Robert"
"Hi Robert,

This account is meant to be the admin account; the only other account that would be the admin account is the one that can only request privileges. I don't understand why this has been reset for us?"
"It is very unlikely that it has been ""reset"" unless it was changed by you.

Do you have access to your G4NP account? If so, what does it say on the products page next to Google Ad Grants? Enroll? Approved? Resubmit?

Robert"
We're seeing a new application start for some reason? We haven't changed anything. It went from the error to "select your country," but this email has been associated already with a G4NP account.
"Investigating this for you.
Robert"
"When you select the appropriate country language does it take you to the application page? 

Robert"
That's correct.
"I've applied three times for Google Grants and we have been rejected three times. All three times, I was given this error to fix:
""You did not build a campaign. You must build a campaign with at least one ad and keywords that are related to the mission of the registered nonprofit listed in the application.""

The first time, this might have been the case, but the last two times, I'm sure I created a campaign and followed the format of the examples given. This last time I applied, I received a rejection email within two days. I appreciate the speed but this seems suspicious since the last two times, our account was reviewed for 30 days or more.

Is this issue still that I didn't create a campaign? Is this a glitch?
 
Any help would be very, very much appreciated. 
Show trimmed content
Since this wouldn't let me post as my agencies email address, I applied for Waterfront Rescue Mission under the email address thewaterfr...@gmail.com
 
Thank you."
"To get started, all you have to do is just follow the steps exactly as outlined in the Grants Account Creation Guide and you will be fine. 

If you run into issues please follow back up. 

Robert"
"Robert,
 
Thank you for the quick reply.
 
All three times (and most definitely the last two times), I followed every word on that document, read advice on the forum, the help center, and every other blue clicky link provided. That is why I am so frustrated. Each time I got the same error:
""You did not build a campaign. You must build a campaign with at least one ad and keywords that are related to the mission of the registered nonprofit listed in the application.""
 
I know that I did create a campaign. For the second time, I created 5 campaigns. This last time, I created two.
 
The application was for the Waterfront Rescue Mission."
"Lilia,
When you log in to the G4NP portal and go to the product page, what does it say next to Google Grants?
Robert"
Right now it says "resubmit." I got the third rejection this morning after applying only two days ago.
"Hi Lilia,
OK, a couple of questions (which might seem obvious). The last time you re-applied did you click the resubmit button? Are you 100% sure you are entering the correct AdWords customer ID # when submitting? Are you managing other accounts?
-Robert"
Yes I know I hit submit because later, on the G4NP homepage, it said submitted or received. I know it's the right number, I copy and pasted it from a previous Adwords email. And no, I am not managing any other accounts.
"Hey Robert. Its been a week since I heard anything and I was wondering if you were able to figure out the issue? I was hoping we could qualify before the holidays and I'm waiting to apply for a fourth time until I hear back from you.
 
Thank you again for helping with this.
 
Lilia"
I have a dv6t-1100 CTO Entertainment notebook computer. When I bought it, it came installed with Windows Vista. Then, I was able to connect it to my home theatre system via HDMI by simply choosing the HDMI output . Since I upgraded to Windows 7, when I attach the HDMI cable, the picture is on the TV, but the sound is still coming from the computer speakers. My sound is IDT HD sound. I opened up the settings to change the sound output to HDMI, but found only the following choices;  Speakers and Dual Headphones (default), Independent Dual Headphones, and SPDIF (digital output vis HP dock). I tried changing the default choice to the last one with no difference. I believe I have the latest driver installed. Please help, as I want to hook up the laptop to my home theatre system to run a special holiday program I have. Any assistance would be greatly appreciated
"Hi,
 
As you are outputting through HDMI you will need the relevant High Definition Audio Codec associated with your make of graphics card/chip.  So for example, if you have an Nvidia graphics card, you will need the Nvidia High Definition Audio Codec.  This should be installed automatically when you install your graphics driver.  If you go to Windows Device Manager, check your graphics card/chip type under Display Adapters and then check under Sound Video and Game Controllers whether you have the corresponding High Def Codec.  If the audio codec is missing, try installing the latest driver software for your graphics card to see if this solves the issue.
 
Let me know how you get on.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K"
UInder Display Adaptors, it says Mobile Intel(R) 4  Series Express Chipset Family. Under Sound, Video and Game Controllers, it lists two HD drivers - the first, IDT High Definition Audio Codec and the second,  Intel(R)  High Definition Audio HDMI. Do I still need to download something more?
"Hi,
 
The Intel(R)  High Definition Audio HDMI codec is the one you need for audio over HDMI so the question is why it's not appearing in the options under playback devices.
 
Try this to see if it helps.  Download the Chipset driver and Graphics driver on the links below and save the installers to your Desktop.
 
Chipset

Graphics
 
Next, in Device Manager, right click on the Intel graphics chip and select Properties.  Click the Driver tab and then select uninstall.  When done, do the same for the for the Intel High Definition Audio Codec.
 
Now return to the Desktop and install the Chipset driver and then the Graphics driver.  When complete, reboot the PC and see if this has helped.  Check in Device Manager that both the Intel Graphics and Hi Def Audio codec have reinstalled successfully and whether you now see the HDMI Audio option under playback devices as shown as the top option on the screenshot below ( ignore the fact that it's ATI, i just mean the TV icon option )
 
http://s175.photobucket.com/albums/w146/rproffitt2000/?action=view&current=7Speakers.png&newest=1
 
Look forward to hearing from you.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K"
It worked!!! Thank you so much, David.
"Hi,
 
I'm really glad you got it working.
 
All the best,
 
DP-K"
I have the same problem with no audio on the hdmi cable/output port.  Connected to a panasonic plasma.  video is fine, but no audio at all.  Tried removing the hdmi driver & reinstalling.  No effect.  When checking under "sound" the volume bar on the right does not show any audio response.  Running Vista & using NVidia GeForce 8200M G card.  Suggestions?
"Hi DP-K:
You instructions were apparently great for David and I tried to follow them since I had the same problem.  I downloaded the driver per you instructions but I could not  find reference to the ""intel graphics chip"" in the device properties.   I'm running a HP Pavilion dv9500t notebook with  Windows 7, have an Nvidia 8600M GS graphics card,  Realtek High Definition Audio and a Unimodem Half-Duplex Audio device.
 
I'd appreciate any help can give me.  If you need further information about my system, please let me know.
 
Bert Lewen"
"Here also no sound when i use the tv.
When i just bougt my laptop i remember that it worked.
nvidia 8200Mg and philips tv
 
I also tried much but have not an answer yet
Jeanne"
"Hi Bert,
 
As there are no Windows 7 specific drivers for your PC, it may be worth trying the Vista ones.
 
Download the Vista Chipset driver and save it to your Desktop.
 
ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/softpaq/sp36501-37000/sp36881.exe
 
Download the Vista Graphics driver on the link below and save the installer to your Desktop.
 
ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/softpaq/sp42501-43000/sp42635.exe

Next, in Device Manager, open Display Adapters, right click on the Nvidia graphics chip and select Properties.  Click the Driver tab and then select uninstall.  When done, still in Device Manager, open Sound Video and Game Controllers and do the same for the for the Nvidia High Definition Audio Codec.
 
Now return to the Desktop and install the Chipset driver and then the Graphics driver.  When complete, reboot the PC and see if this has helped.  Check in Device Manager that both the Nvidia Graphics and Nvidia Hi Def Audio codec have reinstalled successfully and whether you now see the HDMI Audio option under playback devices as shown as the top option on the screenshot below ( ignore the fact that it's ATI, i just mean the TV icon option )
 
http://s175.photobucket.com/albums/w146/rproffitt2000/?action=view&current=7Speakers.png&newest=1
 
If it shows up correctly, try the HDMI connection.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K"
"Hi Jeanne,
 
Could you post back with the full Model No. of your notebook ( ie dv5-1130ea )
 
Also, which Operating System are you using?
 
Regards,
 
DP-K
Hi Jeanne,
 
Could you post back with the full Model No. of your notebook ( ie dv5-1130ea )
 
Also, which Operating System are you using?
 
Regards,
 
DP-K
"
Hi Dave, I have same problem with my Dv4-1210eo Entertainment notebook computer. what should i download to fix the sound for windwos 7, 32bit?
"Hi Pachacutiq,
 
Download the Chipset driver and save it to your Desktop.
 
Chipset Driver
 
Download the Intel Graphics driver on the link below and save the installer to your Desktop.
 
Intel Graphics Driver

Next, in Device Manager, open Display Adapters, right click on the Intel graphics chip and select Properties.  Click the Driver tab and then select uninstall.  When done, still in Device Manager, open Sound Video and Game Controllers and do the same for the for the Intel High Definition Audio Codec.
 
Now return to the Desktop and install the Chipset driver and then the Graphics driver.  When complete, reboot the PC and see if this has helped.  Check in Device Manager that both the Intel Graphics and Intel Hi Def Audio codec have reinstalled successfully and whether you now see the HDMI Audio option under playback devices as shown as the top option on the screenshot below ( ignore the fact that it's ATI, i just mean the TV icon option )
 
http://s175.photobucket.com/albums/w146/rproffitt2000/?action=view&current=7Speakers.png&newest=1
 
If it shows up correctly, try the HDMI connection.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K
"
I am having the same issue with my HDMI in that the sound is going through my speakers.  i have a HP Pavilion Notebook PC DV7-1264NR and I am running Windows Vista.  Do these same instructions apply to my PC or are there other suggestions.  Your help is greately appreciated 
"Dear David:

Thanks for your prompt reply.  My problem now is there no references to NVidia drives listed in either in either the Dsplay Adapters or Sound Video et. sections of Display Mgr.  See my last email.  Should I just install the two drivers you mention with out deleting and of the existing driver?.  I have installed the latest version (266.5. for my geforce 8600M GS.

Bert"
"Morning DP-K,
 
I've try to install what you have written to me. But Intel Graphics Driver   didnt go to install it says ""The computer does not meet the minimum requirements to install the software  "".
 
Greetings
 
Pachacutiq"
"Hi Bert,
 
Download the Vista Chipset driver and save it to your Desktop.  Right click this installer and select 'Run as Administrator' to start the installation.
 
ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/softpaq/sp36501-37000/sp36881.exe
 
After installing this, restart the PC.
 
Next, reinstall your existing Nvidia Driver which is on the following link.  Again, save this to your Desktop.
 
Nvidia Driver
 
When the download is complete, right click this installer and select 'Run as Administrator' to start the installation.  When the installation has finished, restart the PC and check if the HDMI connection now works properly.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K
 "
"Hi Pachacutiq,
 
From the Start Menu, open the Control Panel, open Device Manager, open Display Adapters.  Could you post back what is listed here.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K
"
"First I would download the latest HP driver for your graphics adapter from the link below.  Save this to your Desktop.
 
ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/softpaq/sp45501-46000/sp45618.exe
 
When the download is complete, right click on the installer and select 'Run as Administrator' to start the installation.  When complete, restart the PC and check if the HDMI connection now works properly.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K"
"Hi,
 
Nvidia Geforce 9200m GS
 
// Pacha"
"Hi Pacha,
 
Download the file on the link below and save it to your Desktop.
 
ftp://ftp.hp.com/pub/softpaq/sp46501-47000/sp46922.exe
 
When the download has completed, right click the installer and select 'Run as Administrator' to start the installation.  When this has completed, restart the notebook and check.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K"
"Hi David,
 
I've intall it like u told me, but no sound is coming fron my tv.
I've looked at Sound / playback and enabled the NVIDIA HDMI Out. It works as it should (the green thing goes up and down) but there is no sound from the TV.
 
Greeting
 
Pacha"
"Hi Pacha,
 
When you tranfer the output to the Tv ( fn + f4 ), try selecting projector only, hit enter and see if this helps.
 
Regards,
 
DP-K"
hmm it does not work. nothing wrong with the TV or the HDMI cable anyway. have tested with a different computer and it works splendidly
"Hi,
 
With the HDMI lead connected between your laptop and Tv go to Playback Devices, Sound and see if you can right click the Nvidia HDMI HD output and select it as the default device.
 
Regards,
 
DP-K"
"Hi,
 
i selected it as the default device, and it still does not work!
what could be wrong?
 
// Pacha"
"Hi Pacha,
 
Is your installation of Windows 7,
 
An Upgrade from HP?
 
Came with the PC?
 
From a retail copy of Window 7?
 
Regards,
 
DP-K"
"Hi DP-K,
 
I had Windows Vista before and the sound worked fine with HDMI.
then when I bought win7 and installed it so  the sound did not work to the TV.
My window7 is bought from a store and it is not a copy.

Should I reinstall the win7?
 
greetins
 
Pacha"
"Hi Pacha,
 
Did you install the Chipset driver earlier?  If you did carry on and download the graphics driver, but if you didn't, I've included it below.
 
Download the Chipset driver and save it to your Desktop.
 
Chipset Driver
 
Download the Intel Graphics driver on the link below and save the installer to your Desktop.  This is the latest release.
 
Nvidia Driver

Next, in Device Manager, open Display Adapters, right click on the Nvidia graphics chip and select Properties.  Click the Driver tab and then select uninstall.  When done, still in Device Manager, open Sound Video and Game Controllers and do the same for the for the Nvidia High Definition Audio Codec.
 
Now return to the Desktop and install the Chipset driver ( if you haven't already done this ) and then the  Nvidia Graphics driver.  When complete, reboot the PC and see if this has helped.  Try the HDMI connection.
 
Best wishes,
 
DP-K"
"David, no luck.  Could not install driver: RFeceived error message ""The computer does not meet the minimum requirements for installing this software.  Setup will exit.""
 
Bert"
"I'd like to get in on this discussion as I have the same problem.
 
Computer:  dv9225us
Card:  NVIDIA Go 7600
OS: Vista Ultimate
 
HDMI cable works great for video, but not for sound. 
 
NVIDIA recommends (see below) using an audio cable for this card, but that does not work either.  Any suggestions?
 
HDMI Audio (from NVIDIA web site)
Sending audio from your PC to your HDTV is not as straightforward as sending video. The method you select will likely depend on the graphics card model your PC has.
1) Passing audio directly from your analog onboard or add-in sound controller to your HDTV analog audio input. This method is fairly simple and involves using a 3.5mm to RCA stereo audio cable. The 3.5mm connection goes into your sound card while the other end goes to your HDTV's RCA input (some HDTVs may use a 3.5mm analog audio input instead of an RCA input in which case you would need a 3.5mm to 3.5mm cable instead). This method is recommended for NVIDIA GeForce FX, GeForce 6, GeForce 7 series or GeForce 8 series GPUs (i.e. GeForce 6600, GeForce 7900GT)."
I have downloaded the file below.  It doesn't seem to "complete" when it's installing.  I have turned off my virus protector, but still can't get it to "complete".  Any suggestions?
Hi, I am having a problem very similiar to this reply, however my problem is enough different that this fix would not work.  I could sure use some help as I am floundering badly.  I have a G70 laptop, s/n 2CE92870KS, using Windows 7.  HDMI will not produce any soud from the HDTV, only from laptop speaker, but the visual is just fine on the HDTV.  Under device manager, display adapters, mobile intel (r) 4 series express chipset family is shown.  Under device manager, sound video game, coexant high definition smart audio 221 and intel high definition audio hdmi are shown.  Under control panel, sound, coexant high definition smart audio 221 is only shown.  I tried to follow your fix but i could not find either the intel graphics chip or the Intel High Definition Audio Codec.  If you could help, that would be great.  Thank you
Hi, I have a similar problem on a Pavillion dv6907ea running 64bit Windows 7 with 4Gb RAM.  Only I can play Music, mainly MP3s, Streamed TV and all system sounds just no audio with DVDs. I cannot find the model listed on the HP site so cannot try the Vista drivers.  I have installed the latest intel chip set and Nvidia drivers but still no DVD audio.  Any suggestions?
"Hi! I am having the same problem with a HP Pavilion dv3t-2000 CTO Entertainment Notebook PC. When I connect HDMI to my Sharp TV, the video is fine yet the audio will not transfer. As the same with most people, Intel High Definition HDMI is not listed in Sounds > Playback, yet is in the Device Manager. Which driver should I install to fix this problem?
Also, I am runnung Windows 7 64 bit, that was installed as the upgrade from Windows Vista.
Thanks!"
"Hi.
 
I am having trouble with the HDMI audio also.  The option for HDMI audio is not shown in the Playback Devices.
 
I am runing Vista 64bit on a Pavilion 6750us Entertainment Notebook, with the NVIDIA GeForce 8400M GS video chipset.
 
I just want to make sure that i install the correct driver and/or codec to make this work properly.
 
What do I do?
 
Many thanks,
Aaron."
"Correction:
 
The laptop is a dv6675us, all other info is correct.  What is the best way to get a reply?  "
"Hi
 
I am also having the same problems
 
I have an HP Pavillion DV61340sa
Graphics card  
Mobile Intel(R) 4 Series Express Chipset Family
 
 
I have tried uninstalling and installing using links in the previous thread and while Intel(R) High Definition Audio HDMI
is showing under my device manager settings it is still not showing under my playback options.  any ideas?"
"I have the same problem too
 
HP pavilion dm4t - 1100
OS: Windows 7 64-bit home premiu
Graphics: Intel (R) HD graphics
Graphics Driver Version: 8.15.10.2202
 
The device manager shows Intel(R) display audio under the Sound, Video, and Game controllers tab but it doesn't show when I go to the playback options in the control panel."
I had the same issue occur following a BIOS Driver Issue.  My laptop had an issue where the system would not fully power on.  The black backlight would come on (so the screen would light up) but nothing would come up on the screen - I could not get to a load screen of any kind.  I became frustrated and called HP Tech Support.  I followed step by step as they got me to a point where I was able to download and install the drivers.  After we did this I was able to boot up with no issues.  It was only a few days later when I hooked my laptop up to my tv again when I realized the sound no longer came out of my tv - only my laptop.  I checked my volume control options and there was no HDMI option listed where I once seen them before. Again I called HP Tech Support who, after trying to sell me another "X" amount of time in on phone tech support (which had proven to be so much help thus far), told me the HDMI audio drivers were part of the ATI Graphics Drivers.  Once again they guided me step by step.  1st they had me uninstall the current drivers and reinstall new ones from the computer itself.  At this point I began receiving the "MOM.Implementation" error.  The tech support person was confused and had me go to the HP website to download the drivers from there.  Putting in the model specific information I was guided to the drivers for my specific HP and downloaded/attempted to install the ATI Drivers.  I say "attempted" because when I began the install it popped up a box stating my computer lacked the requirements for the drivers.  Even the tech support person thought this message was strange given the drivers were FOR MY HP.  At this point we noted that the sound was working through the HDMI but did not know how to fix the new issue w/my error message.  Since my Tech Person did not seem to know what to do I felt, rather than risking them creating ANOTHER issue w/my computer I would stop while I was ahead.  It was only today that I realized I now cannot view certain video formats - they show up only as a green screen.  WTF!?  I had a Macbook for 6 YEARS with no issues.  I switch back to PC (HP) and find one issue after another and can't seem to find anyone at HP that knows how to fix THEIR OWN HARDWARE/SOFTWARE conflicts.  HP may not have made the graphics card...but they put it in my laptop therefore designing it to utilize it!   By the way, my computer is the HP Pavillion dv7 Entertainment Notebook.  Oh and... I would ask to please excuse my frustrations but I can't help but feel - at this point - they are justified
After doing a google search, I found a forum where someone talked about a similar issue on an older model HP.  They talked about uninstalling the Catalyst Control Center.  The route they gave to get it it was different on my laptop (probably because I have Windows 7 and they had XP or Vista), but once I found the CCC (inside the Catalyst Install Manager) I did a custom uninstall of the CCC and walah... I think....heh.  It took forever to uninstall and at several points I thought it was just stuck in an endless loop but finally the finish button was accessable.  I immediately pulled up a couple of youtube videos and they worked!  I restarted the computer to see if the messages appeared and - no more "MOM.Implementation" error!  Of course... I know turning this off seems to have fixed my immediate issue... my question now is.... WHAT did I actually just turn off?  Im sure the CCC had a job it was suppose to do and...as every fix I've seen so far.... it usually only changes out 1 issue for another.  Please advise
"Hi All, I am having the same problem on a two week old Pavilion DV7. It is running Win 7 Pro and has a AMD M880G with ATI Mobility Radeon 4250 Display adapter. The device manager shows IDT High Definition Audio CODEC and HP Webcam Splitter. Audio plays on the laptop but not through the HDMI cable into my entertainment system. I have a DV4 that plays correctly so know it's not the system or HDMI cable. Went through the HP ""tech support"" and had to completely restore to factory setting. They had me return the laptop and replaced the motherboard. First thing I checked was the HDMI connection when I got it back yesterday and it still has the same problem. Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated.
 
Edit: Downloaded and installed, from AMD, Mobility Catylist Control Center and most up to date CODEC. No change."
Hi i am not tech smart. i have hp dvd4 -1435dx entertainment notebook with vista. I am not trying to hook up tp tv or suround sound or anything. My problem is i had sound now i dont. i get static but nosounds when i test. I went through the help section and checked to make sure everything was on and no mute anywhere. i just get static on everything. my internal speakers just static.  I look in hardware manager to see if there was a yellow arrow or anything and did not see any problem. Please  help
I have the same HDMI trouble with my HP G72-250US. I can't locate the playback/recording/sound/communication tab on my computer. Please help.  Thanks
"Hello When i am on my yahoo messager the other person can not here me but i can here them so what do I need to do about this matter.
 
Mary Pickett"
no sound
"Hi David,
 
Experiencing the same issue on an ENVY 3D, with an ATI Mobility Radeon HD 5850 video card.  Would you mind helping me please, to see if there are more up-to-date drivers currently for Windows 7?
 
Thanks so much!
Jon"
"Please can any one help me i have same problem with my laptop, there is no HDMI audio and  video working fine
 
i have HP laptop  dv5 1070ee  with windows 7 enterprise  64 bit
 
IDT High Definition Audio CODEC               hdaudio.sys        Version 6.1.7601.17514
High Definition Audio Device             IntcHdmi.sys     Version 6.10.0.2056
?
my LCD is PHILIPS and the home theater is philips also"
hey i have the same problem, i have no hdmi sound when i plug it up, i don't even have an optionfor hdmi  when i open up playback devices, i have a hp g70-250us running windows 7 home premium, do i need to install a driver and if so where can i download it from. can somebody please help me.
"Hi - I have a DV5t-1100 with the same problem, Intel chipset and IDT audio.
The DV6 graphic drivers don't work with my machine, and the default windows update drivers don't have the Intel HDMI audio available. Can you help with the correct graphics drivers for my machine?
 
Much thanks in advance,
Paul"
Hi Jon..This is related to my 1st book club with BN. Jan 5th A Fortunate Age  discussion begins...How can I find out what time...and can I discuss in the pop up window...I want to be involved..so I hope you can help..Thanks , Susan. I do check the new Posts concerning  this ,maybe they just haven't posted the time...I am a bit neurotic about this...
Hi VermontCozy,Discussion of A Fortunate Age starts officially on January 5th (along with all the other book clubs that month) but we don't have a specific time of day.   So you are welcome to start discussing the book at any point on the 5th.  You could even stay up really late on the 4th and then post at midnight if you want!As for discussing in the popup window, I'm not sure what you mean... could you elaborate? -Jon
Hi..Well I just want to make sure that I am on the same page as everone else...concerning A Fortunate Age..If u or anyone out there could just walk me through How to get Started Discussing ...I would be soo happy. I guess I want to set it up now so I am ready,or am I making it too complicated....Just a little help would be great.... Susan,Vt .........  the pop up window is directly below Submit post????
Assuming that you got the book (only those who got the book are entitled to post on that board) they will open the board for posting on Monday, January  5th.  They will set up several threads, which should be self-explanatory, for discussion.  Please be sure to observe which threads are limited to certain portions of the book and don't post spoilers in those threads!
Hi..Well I just want to make sure that I am on the same page as everone else...concerning A Fortunate Age..If u or anyone out there could just walk me through How to get Started Discussing ...I would be soo happy. I guess I want to set it up now so I am ready,or am I making it too complicated....Just a little help would be great.... Susan,Vt .........  the pop up window is directly below Submit post????
Hi Susan, I see what you mean by the pop-up window.  That is just so that you can read the past posts on that thread while you are composing your reply.  Normally, on that reply page you only see the most recent post, or the one that you hit the Reply button for, and sometimes it's convenient to be able to see the whole thread while you are replying.  There is no live chat here; it is just a message board.  You don't need to set anything up in order to participate in a discussion.  Just come and read the posts, and reply to whatever you want, or start a discussion of your own.  Some boards allow you to create new threads, and some don't, so if you have any new thoughts you would have to post them on an existing thread.
i'm PrincessMia100. I need to know, how do you make a book club on barns and noble book clubs?
"Hi PrincessMia100 Welcome to the Book Clubs! You can start up a discussion of any book you want by starting a new thread. First, scroll though this page and look at the list of all the different boards and see which one would be the best place to talk about the book you have in mind.  Then click on the name of that board. Now that you are in the board itself, look on the upper left side of the page, just below where the name of the board is displayed - look for a link that says ""New Message""Click on ""New Message"" and write up your post about the book you have in mind and say a little something to encourage others to join in on your discussion... and there you go! 
 
 "
I'm still getting to know my way around here. Are there any discussions about my favorite author, Jen Calonita? 
"Hi A_Book_Nerd! Welcome to the Book Clubs!  Based on your pen name, I think you'll fit in well around here :smileywink: If you want to see if a certain author is being discussed here, look up towards the top of your screen - just below the picture of a bookshelf - and click on ""Search Book Clubs"".  This will take you to where you can search all the discussions here on the Book Clubs - simply enter the author's name in the search bar and hit the green ""Go"" button and then you'll get a list of all the places where that author has been mentioned.I just tried it with Jen Calonita and it looks like the only posts talking about her are your own posts.  So there aren't any dedicated discussions of her here yet.  But feel free to start one!
 "
Can anyone tell me how to find the Life Improvement section? I have looked everywhere and can not find it.
Is this what you are looking for? http://browse.barnesandnoble.com/browse/nav.asp?visgrp=nonfiction&bncatid=914196
One question; one of the old posts refered to the 'old' BNU, and how they missed it. What was the 'old' BNU, and is there a 'new' BNU that replaces it?
BNU was the "Barnes & Noble University".  It consisted of various reading groups and "classes".  Most were free; I think there might have been some that were not and possibly counted towards real credits.  You checked out what was coming up the next month and signed up for whatever you were interested in.  Of course, the hope was that you would buy the book(s) from B&N.  Then there would be an expert to moderate the "class".  I took the Learning the Tarot class three times, and also a scrapbooking class three times.  There was always more to learn, sometimes from the other "students" as well.  I also took a fun one on Hitchcock's movies, and one on Christmas literature.  Then, there were reading groups that were very similar to what we have now.  The main difference is that you had to sign up for that group in order to have access to its message board.
"Recently some changes were made to the look of the Book Club pages. The background has been made considerably lighter and it's much harder to read. My poor eyes are worn out from all the reading I do & the bright background combined with smaller print has made it difficult to read the Book Club entries. If there's any way to darken it just a smidgen, it would be great.
 "
hopefully darker print, at least is coming.  Take a look at the "A new design idea-what do you think?" thread on this board for a peek at what is being considered. 
Was wondering if our book club which has been meeting for about 5 years could create our own "group" so we could post all the books we have read, let people write reviews, and have a way to post upcoming books, calendar of meetings, etc.?
I think that's a good idea.  I'll confer with my colleagues about the best way to set that up, but I think it's something we should be doing more of in the future so I will get back to you once we've discussed the best way to do it.  Could you tell me the rough number of people that would be involved?
Does anyone know when the FIrst Look book for March will come out?   I've been looking all over this site and can't find an announcement or announcement date?  I'm anxious about getting the next book.  All the First Look's have been FABULOUS.  Keep me posted.  Have a wonderful day!
If anyone "sees" an announcement for the next First Look or Sneak Peak book would they be kind and post that information to the Community Room....
Hi, Paul did post  it during our"Down Time" First week of May. for FirstLook.He put it on "Signin""Design Problems,"about a week ago,All the boards were going crazy,so many people were on that thread on the Community Board..have a look Also subscribe to "Announcements" as well..I hope this helps...Vtc  Susan
What happened to the Sneak Peaks?  Haven't seen any announcements about them for a few months now,
What's all this about the moderators being changed in the book clubs? Why is this being done?
I really love my nook but what happend to the price of e books. I can download a new realise ' The Bells " for $9.99 in my kindle app for my i phone as opposed to the B&N $14.99 for my nook, what's up with that..The hard cover only $3.00 more on B&N. Perhaps we are just a little greedy..
Hi, my family and I just got the NOOK, and we cant seem to find any connections to Wi Fi in our area, how can we connect to WiFi with our NOOK without knowing the passwords to WiFi connections around us?
Hey!!  I am sooo close to getting a Nook for Christmas. Can anyone give me some crucial info that the Kindle doesn't have?? Which one has a better battery life? Which eInk screen refreshes faster? What if my Nook's eInk screen malfunctions? What if it gets ruined? Dropped? Soaked? ( hopefully that never happens What is the Nook protection plan? What does it protect? Whats the fine print? And what eReader is the best? My question, you guys have the answer. And i would like to have those answers 
Just to let you know, this link is an administrators link, and I can not access it. does anyone have the right link??
I have been off-line for a few months.  I previously was a regular participant in the First Look Book Club.  I now have time again to participate and am excited.  I have been checking regularly in the announcment thread but haven't seen anything.  Does anyone know if there will be a sign up in January?
 " The girl with the dragon tattoo ", is it a good Read? Its a trilogoly right?
The Larsson books are a trilogy, yes.  I just finished "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" and it just gets better and better as it goes along.  The first chapter is boring, but you can safely just skim it and you'll get a good idea of what you need to know for the rest.  Lisbeth Salander ROCKS!  And so does Mikael Blomqvist.  We could sure use a journalist like him here in the U.S.!
For those of you that did the First Look, Paul Doiron's The Poacher's Son, the second book in the series is due to come out in June 2011.  It's called "Trespasser" and picks up eight months after the end of The Poacher's Son.  It will be interesting to see what Paul has in store for the game warden this go-round.
Thank you literature, I saw that on Amazon..Very excited to see how Mike Bowditch is..Susan.
I keep checking the Announcement section for a new FL but haven't seen anything since Three Seconds.  I'm getting antsy.  Just finished The Man From Beijing.  Very good.  Keeping with the momentum of Stigs Larsson and Three Seconds.  Murder and mystery has never been my genre until I started reading Swedish authors.  Now I can't get enough!
I've been trying to locate the schedule for the next (March) selection in General Fiction but can't find it.  I tried to reserve Saving Max from my library but have yet to be called and the discussion has already started.  Help!
Hi. Lit....Post on "General Fiction.".Debbie The Moderator will help..I know she has a Thread of upcoming Books,she is very organized......I Love "The Great Gatsby"  Probably read it at least twice..I just love That Era..Also one of My Favorite Books.that I posted..... If FirstLook is "Trashed" so to speak..many disappointed BNers  I did mention they could charge us ,a small fee....I hope we all get together again in a BC..Maybe when "Ingenue"is released...I do some  UF/Paranormal..But not everyone is into that Genre.. Some excellent Authors.I have discovered,by recommendation..   Susan
Unfortunately TheFirstLook Club has been disbanded..Lets see what happens though .We have offered to pay for a book,if they would Bring it Back..Working on it ..Look on The Announcement Board..and subscribe to it ,,So if it is brought back,,It should be posted.there..Many BNers are Very Open to Meeting up again and having great conversations discussing a book,,Have a look around,you might find other Book Discussions...Depending on what genres you are interested in...Post any time and we will try and help you,,We have not given up....Susan VTC...A Fortunate age as Melissa said ,was 2yrs ago...Look at Discussions then you can see FirstLook and all the wonderful Books we have discussed,,Some even went straight to NYTimes Bestseller list...
 was wondering if anyone has done book tours with local book stores and librarys. And if you have, what approach do you use when requesting permission. If you bring your own books, what kind of monetary relationship do you strike up? Do you provide the promotional publicity, or share it with the book store?
When I drag an Avatar to my profile location, it does not remain.  In other words, I can't establish an Avatar for my account.  Any help will be appreciated!
Hello Everyone my name is Angela.I hope to find some suggestions for some really good books.
Can somebody Lend Me Spells by Aprilynne Pike, Illusions by Aprilynne Pike and Broken Wings(Starfire Angels: dark chronicles book 2) byMelanie Nilles.
I'm new at this hole thing, it would be awesome if someone could help me.I absolutely love to read. I spend way too much time of my teenage life reading
Welcome to the B&N community, I hope you will learn lots, and make some great friends. If you're a nook owner you will pick up lots of tips about the nook, and learn ways of finding free eBooks. If your not, read the messages anyway, books are discussed and you will get a chance to see what others are reading. I have found books and authors that I didn't know about, any we all know you can never have to many great books to read.
I bought a Nookcolor, but have yet to take it out of the box and set it up.  Any tips?
why do i need bookclub friends and dose anyone want to be my friend?
ok i have no clue what im doing and if im in the right place but.... i bought a book and i cant get it to download to my nook..my wifi is working and i keep hitting check for new B&N contents and NOTHING...help...and i book i bought over a mth ago says i got it yesterday..ugh
Should I be worried if I'm replying to myself? :-)
I have Word 2010, and a manuscript.  Do I type in the manuscript and hope for the best when I try to upload it to Barnes & Noble?
Is B&N serious? I have never in my life seen such utter spam, trash and nonsense, when reading reviews on Books, are these not made to help other customers decide on a Book? So far in the B&N store all I have seen is what looks like 5 Year olds Spamming for fun. Anonumously posting their names over and over etc, giving 5 stars. Please do us all a favour and get rid of the Anonumous review option ! PLEASE. 
You can use Calibre (a free program) to convert from .docx to .epub.
 Any help converting a Word 2010 document to the epub format will be appreciated.  Happy New Year!
"My 2006 macbook pro's logic board went so I bought a mac mini and now I'm trying to get my 6 yrs of pictures and music out of the hard drive from it.I've hooked up the hard drive as an external to the mini and can see it and open it but I'm having a hard time navagating around in the external drive to find the files.I found one file that appeared to have music in it and opened the files to nothing and another that had some songs that I could play but not get to transfer.So in short I need help finding and transfering music and pics from the macbooks pros old hard drive I have hooked up as an external hard drive to a new mac mini......Thanks...Locke
"
I've been trying to download apps and it's been a while since I purchased one. Today I finally wanted to purchase an app but I forgot the answer to my security questions please help me reset my security questions…
"I am trying to buy gems on clash of clans, and its telling me that i have to answer security questions to confirm that i can use my phone to make purchases. I dont know the answers to the questions because we made this account so long ago. I have tried sending the correct answers to my email adress, but im not recieving anything
"
"I have a problem that i need help with when i created my app store account i entered my credit card but when i went out to buy a 15 $ card from apple it did not let me buy what i wanted cause it was sending me to my credit card ... And it doesn't let me use the 15$ card
"
"Ok so if you have Apple care...and the screen on your phone cracks do they repair it or give you another phone?
"
"Cant download purchased music into iphone
"
"I bought DiskAid to transfer/copy my messages, contacts, notes, and calendar from IPhone 4 to PC, tried on both Windows 7 and 8. I had no problem in transferring my Camera Roll and other Pictures but when it came to the above mentioned tasks, it asks for my itune encrypted passwrod - I have never used one but it refuses to perform any other tasks beyond until I did. I have tried any and all passwords ever used, still no luck. I would greatly appreciate any help. Thanks!
"
"Dear All,
Can you give me a hand with my issue?
the point is i have just had my iphone 4s upgrade to version 7.0.4. but the store write his AppleID? 
How can i change to my AppleID?
i am looking forward to your help asap.
Rgds,
vandy
"
"I am a new user of a new imac, installed new usb super drive but disc keeps ejecting
"
"I need to contact a forum moderator in regards to a post, searching on the forum I found that one needs to contact me first!

I am an American currently in Germany and have no way to make a long distance phone call currently
"
"I have identified a problem to manage my accounts and equipments registration on:
    https://supportprofile.apple.com
I have 2 ? Apple accounts (for historical reasons, and most notably to separate the
one with banking information and the one with none).
Let's say they are:
• alice
• bob
I have an iMac registered under account alice with an AppleCare associated
and some cases registered.
I want to migrate this iMac under my other account bob.
Here is what I did:
unregister my iMac from account alice
register my iMac under account bob
All the basic information: contract support, date of validity, stayed correctly
associated with my iMac which is as normal as expected. But the cases table is empty
and this isn't expected.
How may I recover this useful information?
What is the Apple support address to report this internal database loss?"
"I mistakingly purchased an expensive app. Please tell me there is some way of cancelling this?
"
"I wanted to know if anybody has made good experiences with the recycling programm by Dataserv GmbH (Switzerland)?
"
"Dataserv ***** big time!
I cannot understand that Apple is pushing this recycling service with this company. Living in Belgium, I obtained a quote for my Ipad3 (which is in very good condition), got the information and address label to send it to Dataserv in Mechelen (Belgium) from where it apparently is sent to Germany. I have the proof that the Ipad was delivered after 3 days, but since nearly 2 (two) months the status is still 'waiting for product'.
Sent a couple of mails, but no answer so far. Tried to contact them by phone, but that also seems to be impossible. I'm really starting to believe that this is a scam!
I'm trying to get in contact with Apple to see what can be done.
"
"I have a discussion which is improperly worded. It has had 48 views and no replies. How do I delete or edit it?
"
"You cant delete a post, editing is only available for a few minutes after posting.
You can always send a new post to the discussion, explaining what you had intended to say.
"
"I have foregotten a security question as i have never been asked the security question before
"
"I recently received email from ""iTunes"" requesting me to update my personal information. When I clicked the link provided it went to ""lovipoe.net"" that showed information similar to what I saw in Apple.com except lovipoe.net did not show all the icons. Has anyone received similar email from ""iTunes""?
"
"I recently purchase a ipad air and in setting it up, I sync icloud to my iphone 4s. How do I reverse the setting to its factory setting with out loosing all the settings done at the best buy store?
"
"It depends on what you want removed from the iPad.  If you only want the iCloud data removed, then the best way to do so if from iCloud in the Settings app.  Just use the Delete Account button at the bottom of the screen and enter your password if it asks.
For anything else, let me know how you want it to work and I can make further suggestions.  Good luck!
"
"i have purchased a second hand iphone 5s but it was not activate now when am going to activating my iphone ,its ask me to log in by registered apple id, tell me how i can activate my iphone  without apple id?
"
"HOW CAN I DOWBLOAD WHATSAPP ON MI APPLE PHONE? MY APPLEW SAYS THAT APPLE ID is not verified what should i do coz i received message saying that it had be verified?
"
"It means that you did not verify the email account linked to the ID.  You can get a new email to do so by logging into id.apple.com and signing in using Manage Apple ID.  There will be a button to resend the link to your email right on the first page.  Be sure to check your email inbox and click on the link in the email when you get it.
This is done to confirm that the email works for your receipts and password reset emails.  Once it is verified, you will likely never see the error again
"
"I have just received 2 suspect emails asking me to use a shortcut to get in to my account is there address to forward these onto so they can be investigated 
Many Thanks
"
"I have looked, and looked, but I cannot see where (and how!) to set email notifications of those threads I participate in. Help!
Thanks, Hans L
"
"Are the iPad and iPod counted as one of the computers authorized for iTune?
"
"If you mean computers authorized to play iTunes Store content, no.
If you mean devices associated with iTunes Match, yes.
(97897)"
"I got an Ipad mini for christmas and I went to make a purchase with it but I can't remember my security questions. I've looked and I can't find any helpful ways to reset them or achieve them back. I don't even have the ""rescue email"" option. Please someone know how to fix this? 
"
"
You need to ask Apple to reset your security questions; ways of contacting them include clicking here and picking a method for your country, phoning AppleCare and asking for the Account Security team, and filling out and submitting this form.
(97894)"
"Why can't we talk to someone from apple support in an online messaging program when we need help? Howcome we have to call? 
"
My current Apple ID is based on another email provider. I want to get an iCloud email address and use that as my main email and Apple ID without losing my apps. Can I do that?
"You can change your Apple ID to another functioning non-Apple email address at http://appleid.apple.com without affecting your apps, and you can use it to create an iCloud account in which you will be able to create an @icloud.com address. However you will not be able to use that @icloud.com address as your Apple ID.
"
"I don't know why I got banned from support communities. It just says I was banned.
My account had over 200 points and I don't want to lose them OR my support communities account :("
"I have posted a completly false message. So as to avoid anyone to be misleaded by this erroneous answer I was looking how to remove my answer. After 5 minutes of searching I'm feeling completly lost.  I can't find this function.   
Where is this basic function?
"
"I don't understand why this keeps happening.  I see quite a few others asking the same question.
Even after going through the reverification by email, the problem usually comes back within  a week or two."
"If you are responding to emails to change/verify your account information, there is a very, very high chance that you have been responding to spam email. These are phishing attempts to steal your personal or financial information. 
"
"I am looking to buy an iMac, i was just wondering if i can use Itunes vouchers to pay for products online or not ? 
"
"iTunes gift cards or certificates can't be used at the online Apple Store.
(97842)"
"My computer contracted a virus. I had to reformat the hard drive. I downloaded QT. I purchased QT pro previously. How do I redownload without rebuying?
"
"I want to buy the iphone 5s . If I buy instore can you still get finance or is that just an online ?
"
"Call or visit your local Apple Store and ask.
Regards."
I contacted apple India many time snd there is no proper responce for the setting up of icloud. Everytime when I call apple I was asked to hold and the call was disconnected repeatedly and there is no responce to my call back.Can you tell me how to contact apple assress this issue and make a complain. I contacted apple through the number  (91) 1800 4250 744. There is no other number I found to contact. I am fed up calling repeatedly and there is no response  from them. This is the first time there is a poor service..
"Recently I've been spammed a lot with fake emails saying they're from apple with the request to change my iTunes/iCloud password or to login to check some details.
As I'm a professional IT dude I love to check how those scam things work.. and guess what.. I've found out that the server the email was sent from and linked to was not secured.. i've got (webFTP) access to it and was able to browse all files.. 
The thing is.. Most of those emails link to look-a-like webpages where u can log in and are redirected to the official apple website..
Between the login and redirection, your account details are emailed to some email adres..
Dear Apple, it's your task now to perform extra steps.  you've now got the website IP, user email,..
IP: 198.58.92.228
website owner: <edited by host> 
passwords are emailed to: <edited by host> "
"I have posted something that I realized is a serious privacy issue to myself.  If someone could report this thread to the monitors it would be GREATLY appreciated. It would be great if they could delete the entire thing
"
like a idiot i forgot my secuity questions so i requested a email with my answer and it say email sent but im not getting it. but i am getting other emails from itunes!
"
You need to ask Apple to reset your security questions; ways of contacting them include clicking here and picking a method for your country, phoning AppleCare and asking for the Account Security team, and filling out and submitting this form.
(97803)"
"How can I cancel the storage plan I just bought and get a bigger plan?
iPhone 5 "
"If you are talking about your iCloud storage plan, you can change it using your iPhone.
Settings > iCloud > Account > Storage Plan.
Best of luck."
"I'm grateful to Terrence Devlin for answering a question about Aperture that solved a headache.... But his solution was something I found in an archived discussion - so I could not reply to say thanks, or couldn't work out how to.
Is there any way to send a note in such cases?"
"Can I purchase apple care for my ipad air if I buy it at Best Buy?
"
"When I try to change the default VM number on the Lumia 928 I get an error ""We're having trouble saving your voicemail number right now. Try again later.""

 

I have been trying for a couple of days now after having another 928 user ask me about it as they were having the same issue.  Anyone aware of this or a fix?"
I haven't been able to change mine either, but I thought it was just because it isn't activated yet.
"Hi MobileNoobie,

Thanks for reaching out! Let's help you with the voicemail phone number. Why are you trying to change it from the default? What are you trying to change it to? Another number? Please give us some additional info so we can get this fixed for you.

Bobby_VZW
Please follow us on twitter @VZWSupport
  "
"Hi everyone,

 

So as the title suggests, I am potentially considering Verizon being my wireless service provider in December (accounts coming from T-Mobile). I am considering AT&T as well but seeing as Verizon is the #1 carrier, I thought I should ask questions here first.

 

First, I will be mostly in NYC (zip: 10453) for the most part but I do travel to other states like Connecticut and Boston, and would like to know how reliable is Verizon on the road? How reliable are they indoor coverage? T-Mobile just isn't doing it for me when it comes to indoor coverage.

 

I've also been reading about 4G LTE.. And if it isn't available it drops to 3G.. How big of a drop off is that? I read that ATT drops to another form of 4G with capabilities of 3-7mBps down. Can Verizon match that in some way?

 

Just some initial questions but thanks for any help given. :)"
"I've had Verizon for about 5 years now, only 1 1/2 years on a plan by myself, and I've very rarely had spots without service, mostly in canyons or up on mountains where you would expect such things. Even camping by a lake in the middle of a mountain here in idaho I've actually had 4g (although that started this year, last year was 3g)

 

For the most part, in the larger cities lke the ones you've listed you can expect a pretty consistent 4g signal, which generally is 5-12 mbps, but that is about 10x the speed of the 3g, which is still good in a pinch.

 

Of course, alot of that is the phone you get too. The better processer and RAM in the device, the better all around performance you can expect. Thats one of the main benefits of VZW, as most of their devices are upper end, with only the free or cheap phones being poor quality. Generally if you spend $100 or more, your phone should be pretty decent.

 

As far as indoor problems, it does depend on foliage, terrain, and building material, but I've only rarely had issues inside. Those have mostly been in basements, but if they have a window with a clear view of outside you shouldn't have any problems. I have 4g in my basement now."
"In my experience Verizon is very reliable on the road. I live in missouri and I've driven from Springfield to St.Louis which is completely across state and never lost coverage. I would check the coverage map online and see what they show in your area. And Verizon technically offers ""Extended 4G"" so it should go 4G, Extended 4G, 3G, 1X. So Verizon technically can match that however in my experience it does jump from 4G LTE to 3G. And indoor coverage throughout providers is about the same, it really is dependent on the coverage at the building, types of materials etc. The URL for the coverage map is below.

Hope that helps a bit

 

http://www.verizonwireless.com/b2c/CoverageLocatorController?requesttype=NEWREQUEST"
"Really haven't had an issue with iPhones before but with other phones like Android it's used data all by itself at random intervals of time (ex: T-mobile usage was at 8GB and I didn't even do much on it). I don't really stream music or the such, but I have a sibling who does. Another good reason I'm considering Verizon first. Says somewhere on their page that I can control how much data can be used in a month (though I don't know if this would cost more). AT&T charges $5 for that service from what I understand.

 

And I'm glad it's that easy. Had a friend of mine who was on Sprint and every single time they needed to change a phone, they had to go to the store which I find annoying :S I like the ability to simply put in my SIM card on the new phone and go."
"The definition Verizon gives for ""Extended 4G LTE"" states: ""Access the 4G LTE network within the Extended Coverage Area; Some of the Coverage Areas include networks run by other carriers, the coverage depicted is based on their information and public sources, and we cannot ensure its accuracy."" So it sounds like if you get outside a Verizon 4G LTE coverage area, they might borrow another carriers tower to try and keep you at 4G before it drops to 3G.

 

And when it comes to how fast they load it depends on what's on the page. If I ever see 3G it usually hits between 1-2 mbps. So say, just a google search for something usually takes me just over 5 seconds on 3G. "
"So I have only had my new iphone 5s turned on since sunday, it is now Thursday morning and Ive received another alert telling me Im now up to 90% of my data usage limit. I upgraded from the iphone 4 where I hardly ever used up to 1GB of data (Im allowed 2GB).

     I have not even installed an email address into the phone so its not like that app is consistently refreshing its self and as lame as it is I always go back and close all apps Ive used when done with them. Ive gone into settings and turned off location settings for every app that is requesting current location updates. Basically whatever makes the iphone 5s convenient to use ive turned off for fear of this massive data bill headed my way.

     Is anyone else experiencing the exorbitant increase in data usage?

 

I know for the iphone 5 it was a glitch in the operating system but my phone has no current updates available. please help if you can..."
"

Let's get to the bottom of this!

Did you check online to confirm the data usage? Did you recently change you calling or data plan?

JohnB_VZW

Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport
  "
"spacial,

I vote that we get our eyes on your data usage and see exactly what's going on. Please accept my follow request, follow back, and then direct message me your name, mobile number, and billing password (or last four of your social if a password isn't present) for research.

EvanO_VZW

Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
Is it just me, or does anyone else want unlimited data back? LoL!
It doesn't really matter to me, but I can see how some would prefer to have it. It would just be an added expense for me
You do realize that unlimited data is/was cheaper than teird data packages right? I'm not sure how it would be an added expense. 
No, it's not just you. 
"Actually, unlimited data was only $0.01 cheaper than 2 GB of tiered data. However since I do not have tiered data either, it is kind of irrelevant.

 

Last November, I had a 1400 minute Talk & Text Plan with 2 smartphones w-unlimited data packages. I also had 2 basic phones. Total monthly cost was ~$214. I upgraded the 2 basic phones to smartphones. If I were to stay on my same plan but just add 2 tiered data plans for a total of $60 additional/month, I would have been paying $274/month.

 

Instead I decided to go with the Share Everything plan. I currently have 4 smartphones on the Share Everything Plan and pay a total bill of $234.

 

$274 - $234 = $40. Adding the smartphones with tiered data would have been an ADDITIONAL EXPENSE of $40. You ARE correct that unlimited data would have been cheaper, though, than having tiered data. If I added 2 smartphones with unlimited data, I would only have had an ADDITIONAL EXPENSE of $39.98. So in retrospect, I guess the unlimited data WOULD have been SLIGHTLY better. However, since I don't have tiered data OR unlimited data, I am able to SAVE $40/month with the same equipment. THAT is how the unlimited data would have been an added expense, at least for me.

 

Keep in mind, not everyone has the same usage patterns. Everyone should ALWAYS see which plan is the best fit for their own situation."
As soon and you explain the technology in which Verizon can offer unlimited 4G data with just 10 MHz download and 10 MHz upload I might side with you.
Maxcee72, I praise GOD for you. Your one of the very first person to truly understand the point I'm trying to make. Most of everyone on here is jumping to Verizon's defense. Thank you for sharing your story and I hope it doesn't go unnoticed. 
Actually you can get up to 50 GB now. It's $375
"For business purposes, your business should pay for the data. If they don't feel the need to do so, then the data usage is not that important to them.

 

Movie & music streaming? That is a WANT, not a need and stating that it is a data usage you NEED, won't make it so."
And if they DID offer unlimited data? Just how much do you think they would charge for it this time around? As it is on the SEP, 20 Gig is $150. And even if they did put it back, they would probably charge a fortune for HotSpot (was $30 add'l on UNL plan I believe), throttle it out the whazzo, and/or start charging for speed tiers. 
"Thanks Demmo! I wondered myself.

 

I do not know if harmonious is the one or not I said it is Verizon's sandbox and we need to either abide by their rules or take our bucket and shovel home and find a new playground"
Go down a few posts below here and I posted how to keep your unlimited data, at least for now.
Please, let's not turn this into a political argument or we will have a mess.
WTH     Ok let me get this correct....my bill was raised,,,,with out my permission........was told I was grandfathered into the unlimited data...............Ok NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I DID NOT  sign a new contract agreeing to any of this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       I thought that was what a contract for .hmmm ?? Not happy at all....Verizon >>>>  def. looking for a different carrier
Did you recently upgrade your phone with a subsidized phone?  If so, you signed a new contract and lost your unlimited data as a result.
Unlimited data is not protected by your contract.  Verizon can discontinue it for all of us tomorrow.  I think it's moot, because Verizon would not pull the rug out from under us like that, but they could.
No, your contract says nothing about your unlimited data plan.
Show me where is is excluded. Because if it is not covered by the agreement, VZW would not be able to make people pay.
The terms of service require that you pay for any service that you receive from Verizon Wireless.  This is separate from the terms and conditions of the contract.  If you used the service (or had access to the service), you owe money for the service.
Maybe. Show where Data is specifically EXCLUDED from the contract.
My post was in response to your assertion that Verizon Wireless couldn't make you pay if it weren't included in the contract.  I didn't post that data plans were not part of the contract.  Your post that follows the one that I quoted shows that the added features are part of the contract.
It's not.
Oh good. So you have come to your senses and realize that "It's not" excluded from the agreement.
"I accidentally subscribed to the $5/mo NFL Mobile app.  It was all to easy to subscribe but I can't find how to unsubscribe.

 

Does anyone have any ideas?

 

This is running on a Droid RAZR"
"Hello NATRAPS,

You can unsubscribe by removing the application. Just go to Settings > Apps > All > NFL Mobile > Uninstall. This still end the services. Keep me posted!

Thanks,
AdamE_VZW
Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
"Thank you!  I have uninstalled the app (Uninstalled Updates then Disabled it).  I also called Verizon (*611 from my phone) and confirmed it would be removed.  I waited a few hours and still saw it listed under my services.  I then called back and confirmed that the first person noted my account that it was indeed being removed.

 

To add to the confusion, yesterday I received an email telling me that I have a new document available in my account.  I logged in and saw that it confirmed the addition of the NFL Mobile App and the $5 charge still appears under my services.

 

If I am actually charged for it on my next statement I will call back a 3rd time to dispute the
charge."
"NATRAPS,

Thank you for removing the app and being proactive by calling *611. If you have followed all of these steps, you will not have an issue for the next billing cycle. Let us know if you have any issues.

Thanks!

Katie H
VZW Support
Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport "
How can an iPhone user unsubscribe?  I also deleted the app off my phone, but it did not come off my bill.
"Hi socialpeanut,  I love staying in the know on all the action with NFL Mobile! I am sorry to hear that your are unsubscribing.  You can stop the NFL Mobile subscription through My Verizon online or right through the My Verizon application on your phone!  Please let me know if I can answer any other questions or concerns.

Thank You,

YaleK_VZW
Follow us on Twitter @VZWsupport
  "
"Hello Katie,

 

Unfortunately I WAS charged.  I called back again (the 3rd time on this issue) and was assured the service was properly canceled.  The charge was backdated and the pro-rate was credited.

 

HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!  3 times to remove a service that took 2 seconds to opt into?  My Network Extender activation was less challenging!!"
I, too, wish to cancel future $5/month billings.  I'm on an iPhone 5. Do I simply delete the app? Where in My Verizon online would I see it there (or not)?  I've been looking all over and don't see a section for that.
In the MyVerizon app go to "change features" then select "current feature" then you should see it and be able to cancel it. I did this on my iPhone. That stupid app never worked anyways…
"does it work on Droid RAZR?

p.s. your name is reflective of my thoughts."
I isntalled and paid for the upgrade but when I click on the Steeler's game to watch live, it pulls up the Vikings game. So if this isn't going to let me watch the games I want to, I need to cancel. This is bizarre.
I was able to watch the Steelers game for only about 3 minutes, and now all I can get no matter what I do is some other game. What a crock!
Has anyone figured out how to cancel or disable the App for iphones?
Is there another way to do this?  The online account does not let us click that as an option, and we don't have a myverizon app on the current iphone with this feature.
"Follow-up question to YaleK:

 

Can you please provide specific step-by-step instructions for unsubscribing through each the website and MyVerizon application (iphone5)?  I am unable to locate an option to manage this subscription via either method.  Thank you"
I'm willing to tolerate a lot, but this is straight exploitation.  If you're going to market self-service and force people into it, this doesn't exactly inspire confidence. 
need to find amazon account approved sender list
Go to amazon on a web browser??
Does it usually take up to seven days to process an order?
 have had a Kindle unit for a few years. I just got an iPad Air. I have installed the Kincle app on this unit. I would like to get
my money is not go back
do not use NetStoresUSA
Copying my library from my Kindle unit to my iPad air unit
heartbleed
free two day shipping
Pay with a gift card
Unfinished video
Kindle e books
Geting error attempting to place item in cart
where is the log out link?
Order issue
NetStoresUSA is a rude rude rude company and will not retirn an item they sent me wrong
Amazon phone number
Angry bird changes
Fishing scam with Amazon.com logo and name
here is my phone csae i ordered
Amazon using UPS Surepost - Cancelled my Prime Account
after the $99.00 are the monthly or any other charges
i have purchased the book raising up revival leaders
could not place item into cart
How do I know if an item is covered by "free shipping" if it is marked "free shipping over $35" if it is "provided" by a third party? I accumulate a half dozen items marked free shipping only to find at checkout that it is not free after all.
Turning off firetv and television via hdmi-cec with firetv remote?
just a technical question before buying Amazon fire TV
racking Number in Shipped Email gone?
Can't watch Instant Videos on my iPad! HELP!
Book orders not showing on Kindle
is there a way to search Prime only?
How do I delete items from my cart without purchasing them?
Is there a discount on books you purchased on Amazon, but would now like to have on the Kindle instead?
Display Change?
Can someone else order books using my kindle?
Cancelled Prime without making any purchases, will I get a refund?
is there a method to lock the mailbox icon only?
Do I need to change my Amazon password due to the Heartbleed problem??
Order was canceled by who???
Some of the books we ordered were in stock. Why is it taking till June 9th to get them?
What happened to my wish list?
What the heck happened to my wishlist?
how can I find an item I deleted from my shopping cart?
Is this email legit?
Can I cancel a return authorization?
How do I block an abusive buyer?
How do I block an abusive buyer?
Is there a way to list new Fire TV releases?
Late delivery - pd for next day - how do I get refund?
How do I cancel order I didn't place?
How long does a buyer have to open a case and request a refund, lost items?
"I'm having similar problems as well . I just sold a phone that was described as a ""bad imei"" phone and clearly mentioned that it wouldn't work with t-mobile. Now buyer is asking for a refund because he was told that it wouldn't connect.
 I sent you a pm so we could discuss these issues more "
"45 days to open case.

 
20 days for opened cases. After this, the case will close automatically.


"
I got Amazon's email about the preorder for Xbox One starting at 8am ET today. I went to the site a couple of minutes early, hitting the refresh button regularly. When the item was available, I clicked through and added it to my cart. When I attempted to check out, I got an error message saying that Amazon was working on the problem. I repeatedly went back into the cart to try and get through the checkout process, and mostly got the same error message. When I eventually got to the point where I was asked to select delivery address, etc. it took that, but then I was kicked back to the same error message. After going through the same hassle for a couple of minutes, I got another message saying that Amazon didn't have the item available any longer and placed it in my watch list. Gee thanks, Amazon! It appears that your system constraints couldn't handle the load, and in spite of my being able to get a unit into my cart, you couldn't let me close the deal. This leaves more than a little bad taste in my mouth
Same issue here. Got to the place order option.
well....cant say anything that wasnt already said....no idea why Amazon offers such a service...that sends emails to customers that are on the list.....obviously its doesnt work.....I did the same ....with the same result....was not able to place the order.....myself and everyone else should be getting our XBOX ONE or dont send an email...or amybe add a disclosure***not an offer to purchase one just entertainment purposes and really designed to drive you to our website....REALLY C'MON AMAZON 
 am trying to understand WHY Amazon would sell a book recommending and advocating child abuse and torture. My biggest expense every month is to Amazon. I buy books and movies DAILY. Am I supporting a company that endorses and encourages the torture of CHILDREN?
"If the book is legal, it will be sold by many retailers. You don't have to buy it.

You will be on ignore by most other users here. Myself included."
"If every book that someone complained about was removed, there would be no books on Amazon.

The Bible condones child abuse and violence in many of its stories. Should we remove it from Amazon as well?"
I'm guessing another viral campaign went out. This book gets put back in the spotlight every few months.
New rule: you are not allowed to call for a book to be banned unless you have actually READ the book.
"Tara L. Gattis says:
I've been downloading albums I've purchased from Amazon using the MP3 Downloader and Firefox for months, and successfully as recent at 10/2/11. Today I can't download an album I purchased today. It's in my cloud player, the download button isn't greyed out, I don't get an error, just nothing happens. I tried using IE instead of Firefox, but no dice. Any suggestions? 
"
"Forum Moderator says:
 
Hi Tara,

Thanks for letting us know about this. I'd like to send the information to the appropriate department for them to work on. Please tell me what operating system you're using, have you updated it recently? Have you downloaded the latest version of the Amazon Downloader? What browser are you using?
"
"Grayson King says:
I'm experiencing exactly the same problem. Have had no problems downloading music from Cloud Player until now. Now I've just bought another MP3 album on Amazon and CANNOT GET THE MUSIC TO DOWNLOAD. INCREDIBLY FRUSTRATING!!!! PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

my details:
Firefox 7.0.1
Win7pro SP1
using Amazon Cloud Player NOT the Amazon MP3 Downloader (is the Amazon MP3 Downloader even still supported? I thought it had been replaced by Cloud Player????)

I've tried clearing Firefox's cache/history/etc, restarting Firefox, even restarting Windows. NOTHING! PLEASE HELP!!! "
"Forum Moderator says:
 
Hi Grayson,

Thanks for posting your fix and feedback!

Bill "
"H. Thompson says:
I am sorry you are having music loss also. I thought it was just me. I thought perhaps I'd done sometrhing wrong. Now I have lostmoney as well as music because all of the songs in the cloud player and the other won't go into my computer or even play! The OLD PLAYER ... the old way we iused to buy music where you just downloaded immediately into your syatem.... I never lost anything. There was a couple times I maybe didn't do it fast enough and Amazon right away helpedme and I was then able to download right away. NOW?? Now I can't play anything where B4 even if not connected to the internet I stil hadmy music. Now I don't. I've even lost songs I bought BEFRORE the cloud system. I have wantedto purchase many things digitally lately however now won't. I'm far too afraid to lose more money. I sometimes have gotten a message saying 'this has expired"" when I had them before so how is any of them expired? I thought the cloud player was going to be this amazing new feature and immediately found it wasn't... and isn't. Since the stress of it has prevented me from writing I thank you for posting this topic because it helped me to get this out. Hopefully we'll get out music back again"
"Daniel Desart says:
I try to download my music that I just purchased and it says ""This device was authorized to a new account on:September 22 2012
Each device can only be authorized to one account. This device cannot be authorized to a different account for 180 days from the date it was last authorized. This includes back to the previous account. Learn more."" and then it does nothing.

What the heck is this? 
"
" Heather B.- Forum Moderator says:
 
Daniel, you can read more about authorizing devices for your Cloud Player here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=200897110 . It sounds like you may have been using a computer that is shared by someone else with a Cloud Player account. If you're the primary user of that computer and have never accessed another Cloud Player, contact our MP3 Specialists for some personalized troubleshooting: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/music-downloads .

For future questions, try to find either a current thread with the same topic, or create a new thread. It looks like this topic is almost a year old, so other members of the Community may not see your question in order to help out.

Post back and let us know what you find out! "
"M Denman says:
I also cannot download from Amazon cloud player. I also lost music previously purchased and downloaded."
"Crystal B. - Forum Moderator says:
     
Hey M Denman - Have you had the chance to reach out to our Amazon MP3 team? If not, they'll be able to go over some troubleshooting steps and see what options are available. Here's a link to contact them directly: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/music-downloads.

Let us know how it goes!"
"The Doctor says:
I can't download music from my Amazon Cloud Player. Whenever I try to do so, the downloader says that my songs have ""local file errors."" What is going on?"
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
     
If you still can't download music, The Doctor, use the link to contact our Amazon MP3 team that Crystal provided above.

Please feel free to keep us posted. "
"The Doctor says:
Problem solved, I emailed Amazon customer support, and they provided me with these simple instructions of downloading music to the Kindle Fire without using the Amazon MP3 Downloader.

Instructions:
To download music to Kindle Fire, you do not require the Amazon mp3 Downloader.

To download, on your Kindle Fire, tap Music from the Home screen tap the playlist, artist, or album you'd like to download in your Cloud library. Press the download button, or long-press (press and hold) the title of any item and select "
"Marlene Younglove says:
I just purchased MP music for 1st time and downloaded the cloud Player and got nothing. This is disgusting!!!!! "
"MamaBear007 says:
 
You don't download the Cloud Player, as it is merely a link on Amazon's website. You will need to download the MP3 Downloader. You will find a link for downloading (and installing) the Downloader here:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=200593990

You will also find some useful troubleshooting tips."
"The Doctor says:
You don't need the Amazon MP3 Downloader. Instructions for putting music on your Kindle are in my previous post. "
"MamaBear007 says:
 
The Doctor,
I was answering Marlene's question. She did not mention a Kindle, and since this discussion is about downloading to a computer, I answered accordingly."
"SHEILA says:
Don't feel alone. I had this happen last year. I live alone. No one uses this desktop but me. We (the CS staff) and I downloaded latest versions, they tried clearing out all authorizations, and a host of other things over the course of several months. I finally gave up, figuring I would just wait for that to expire. This week, the date on the message has changed. I will have to wait another 5+ months now. I called CS again, got the same responses I got before ... we'll fix it, we're working on it, be patient, etc. I have to believe this is happening to others, and either they don't know HOW to fix it, know how and don't want to spend the time/money to fix it, or they are just ambivalent. Their response includes loading a new/different browser, downloading directly to my iphone or such. I can download to my laptop, but that is not what I want or need. I was able to download without a problem until sometime last year. I had to set my preferences to not go directly to the cloud, as once there, it is not downloadable for me on my primary computer, where I want it. 
I wonder ... how many others have similar problems? "
"Ivaylo Todorov says:
I just lost some $ ! Thank you Amazon! Tryed everythyng above.... "
"SHEILA says:
good luck. I've been fighting this same issue for over a year. I've tried all the tricks, including stripping EVERYTHING related to Amazon, rebooting then reloading. It worked ONCE. The next time I wanted to download from the cloud, I got that same error... but the date had changed. I set my preferences to ALWAYS download directly to my pc when I buy it, and so far, that's worked. For others, I have to download it to another PC & tranfer it across the network. I've spent hours on the phone w/ Amazon, but so far ... no luck. This is an old problem that just as not been resolved."
"Michelle G. - Forum Moderator says:
     
Ivaylo, have you had a chance to reach out to our Amazon MP3 Support team with the link Crystal has posted above? It's best to do real-time troubleshooting in this case because everyone has different variables during the download process (like their browser, operating system, and security settings, etc.)

SHEILA, our MP3 Support team can request further research through our technical team if it's still a problem. "
"OWEN says:
I realize i ordered on the wkd (last Saturday) and chose free shipping, but sitting on the order until today (Wednesday), and it still hasn't shipped is silly. It says ""Shipment has left seller facility and is in transit to carrier"". ""SHIPPED"". Not really. Now it says the 20th to get it to my house. Basically that all this week and halfway through the next. If that is what they do to you now if you don't pony up for 2nd day or their ""super duper"" shipping, i won't be ordering anymore. 10 bucks for a mouse and an hdmi cable.wasn't an option. New Egg and Monoprice are now a lot faster, so I might be forced over there."
"NiteOOwl says:
 
Okay. Do you have a question or did you just need to vent?"
"Mostlee (Cleric) says:
On the near opposite of the spectrum, I offer you amazon prime. Not worth it if you don't order a lot, but imagine being able to order something for $10.00 (that is prime eligible) and getting it two business days later. With prime, it can be ANY amount, no minimum! Sure, it costs, but with all the orders I've placed, it sure has given me loads of confidence and satisfaction in knowing what to expect and getting it.

I can also stream movies and TV shows to my Roku using prime; an added benefit which has probably paid for the prime itself. I'm catching up on some of the shows I missed."
"Jonathan says:
 
Or, instead of choosing free shipping, you could have chosen standard shipping. Since the delivery dates are clearly displayed during checkout, I'm not sure I see the problem. Amazon promises you a date that the item will be delivered; they never say anything about when they will ship it. I've had them sit on a Super Saver order until the night before it was due and ship it overnight to meet the delivery date"
"OWEN says:
10 bucks for a cable and mouse. pass."
"OWEN says:
Had Prime in the past. Not worth it, and not enough worth watching for that much a year. "
"OWEN says:
Owl. Judging by the detailed content in your post, should you be asking me anything?"
"NiteOOwl says:
 
Obviously not but thanks for the question. All of us should have ignored you."
"Steve E says:
Free shipping is getting slower and slower. Kcups ordered Nov 11th, shipped Nov 20th "
"Chey B. - Forum Moderator says:
     
Hey Steve,

Thank you for taking the time to share your experience! Your order should still arrive by the estimated delivery date listed here: http://www.amazon.com/your-orders. 

Keep us posted on how it goes!"
"J. Penrose says:
Always has been slow. As long as it arrives by the date shown at check-out, why do you care? ""Free"" rarely means ""fast"". "
"K. J. Morgan says:
How do you become a member of the Amazon Vine Program?"
"LegoGirl says:
 
It's by invitation. Read all about it on the link below:

http://www.amazon.com/gp/vine/help "
"K. J. Morgan says:
thank you!"
"James J. Bloom says:
After being a member of Amazon Vine for about a year, I was advised by the administrators that my membership was being suspended. I have written 142 reviews and my batting average is about 94% favorable (over 1300 ""helpful"" votes). I wrote several reviews as recently as a week ago. I am unsure as to why I was dropped. The only thing that comes to mind is that I have ignored just about every email I've received from authors and vendors asking me to review their products because they simply do not fall within my field of interest or expertise. I don't feel that it would be fair of me to write a haphazard/worthless review simply because the topic is----well, off-topic so far as I am concerned. 

My guess is that this lack of response is why I was dropped and not because of any rapid fall-off in my reviewer status.

Just FWIW. 
"
"?  Rizzo  ? says:
It is difficult to determine when new people are chosen. One sure way to be a candidate is to write reviews. Product reviewing is favorable. 
"
"James J. Bloom says:
Perhaps there's another reason, but it's not for anything I've done, or haven't done.
I've been a steadfast reviewer and have always tried to be fair and share my honest opinions and give the the reasons for them to help prospective readers. I have no personal, political or religious agenda in drafting these reviews. To my best knowledge I have not violated any of the guidelines for participation. "
"?  Rizzo  ? says:
Where are your VINE reviews on YOUR PROFILE? You did not address that question."
"Kevin Wiltz says:
Why is my trade in UPS shipping label not printing. It keeps saying try later. Whats up with that!
Reply to this post
Permalink | Report abuse 
Do you think this post adds to the discussion?  Yes No
Posted on Jan 14, 2014 7:59:31 PM PST
"
"Crystal R. - Forum Moderator says:
Are you still having issues with it, Kevin? If so, our Customer Service team can look into why you're getting this error. Use the phone or chat option here: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/contact-us?ref=cssoc_FM_CU_RE"
"Milsma says:
Why doesn't Amazon allow me to rate (at least privately - just between me and corporate) my opinion of books I've READ. I don't want to write a review for everything and all my recommendations are based solely on purchases and my wish list. When I click on ""Why is this recommended"" I've never seen something suggested because I reviewed such and such a title. Why are they ignoring this vital information? Come on Amazon, you're supposed to be progressive, you have the system all set up. Get with the program. 

And I completely agree with others that there should definitely be a SUGGESTION BOX. 

And while I'm at it, why haven't you people figured out a way for me to organize books on my Kindle??? Grrrr."
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
They don't let you do that because it's of no value. I don't care how much you liked (or didn't like) a book if I don't know why. Your tastes may be very different from mine, or very similar. If you don't explain WHAT you liked or didn't like it doesn't tell me anything to help decide whether I'll like it."
"L Pomeroy says:
I have an amazon prime account and was about to place and order ( 11:45pm Tuesday January 14) and it said I would receive my items on Monday January 20th. How is this two day shipping? This isn't the first time this has happened. Why am I paying for free 2 day shipping and not getting it?"
"The Artist says:
Not all items are Prime eligible. The Prime logo has to display next to the price, on all items in that order. If it does, check the product page to see if there are any noticed that it takes extra time to ship an item."
"Michelle L. Coleman says:
I cancelled the day after the trial period ended, will I get a refund?"
"Amazon Customer says:
kindle edition can I use this for anything other then a kindle item.Can I find out when the money was added."
"A. Dietz says:
We have no idea what you're talking about. Kindle edition of what? Money added to what?"
"Karen Belknap says:
I don't want to have a 1click setting for purchases on my Kindle. How do I remove the 1 click setting so that when I want to purchase something, I have the option of choosing the credit card or debit card I want to use."
"Delos says:
You can't (for now, anyway). You can turn off 1-click for physical items purchases but not digital ones. 
What you can do to work around that is buy an electronic Amazon GC and email it to yourself to apply to your Amazon account with that debit or credit card, to have those purchases basically taken off those cards."
"Graphic Novel / Manga Reader says:
I purchased a Lego set in 2008 brand new from Amazon. I tried putting it together for awhile then gave up. I was only 1/8th done or even less figuring I'll get around to it someday. Never did. Stored it on the shelf for years. Fast forward to 2014. I find out that the pieces aren't correct. There were 2 different blues in this set when there was supposed to be one type of blue. I called Lego about this issue and they said they don't do that and think that someone returned the set to Amazon way back and switched the pieces and returned it. I am pissed because I want to sell this set and I can't because it has been devalued now due to the wrong colored pieces. 
Partly my fault for not knowing that the pieces were wrong in 2008 but then again, I trusted Amazon and didn't check to see if the set was correct...until now when I tried to sell it. Someone pointed it out to me. 
 am angry for many reasons, Obviously it's too late to return it, as it's been discontinued and that I've been scammed by someone's return and Amazon didn't thoroughly check their returns before selling it back out. Lego said I can purchase the correct pieces to replace them but that's like 100-200 pieces. Why should I have to pay for it when I'm supposed to get the correct pieces to begin with. 
Just wanted to let people know to check their Lego sets in case it has been tampered by someone's returns. It does happen. The set was new and sealed too. Those people are pros.
"
"SKimber says:
When I try to recharge my kindle, it won't make a connection inside and the light won't stay on. My kindle is dead!"
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
What kind of Kindle is it?"
"Gayla Kimbrough says:
I ordered an Ebook less than 30 minutes ago. I received an order confirmation via email and also can see it has been charged to my checking account, but unable to cancel the order since it does not show up in my library. If I have been charged for a digital order, why would it not show up in my library or even pending orders?"
"LegoGirl says:
Are you sure you are logged into the same account that made the purchase? 
It will show under MANAGE YOUR KINDLE and also will show in the ""digital orders"" section of YOUR ACCOUNT-->ORDERS.
If you ordered in error, you can ""return"" an Ebook within 7 days from the MANAGE YOUR KINDLE page."
"StacyLynn says:
My screen is broken on my Kindle and I am wondering if I can move my content from the Kindle to my PC?"
"A. Dietz says:
If you are talking about digital content, like Kindle books, that you bought from Amazon, you do NOT move them as Damian suggested. All of your content belongs to your account, not to a device. Just install Kindle for PC on your computer, register it to the same amazon.com account that has your books, and they will all be available to download from within the app. Here's a link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature.html?docId=1000493771"
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
This is not Customer Service. This is a PUBLIC customer discussion forum. There was a warning right under the box you posted this in that you should NOT post any your email address or any personal information here. You should return immediately and delete this message for your own protection. 
To contact Amazon Customer Service click the ""Contact Us"" button on the right side of this or any Help page."
"Sandi Isner says:
I have been trying to cancel my prime membership before they charged. I click end membership and get a partial screen asking when I want to cancel but there is no way to answer. They took the money out of my account but shouldn't have.
What can I do now. I don't want this."
"Purchaser says:
Use the Orange ""Contact Us"" button to the right of this page to contact Customer Service. >>>"
"Sandi Isner says:
I contacted them via phone
Bianca was very very helpful and because this was a website fault refunded me the money.
She is a true asset to this company"
"Duane Sholly says:
How can I order from Amazon by phone?"
"Purchaser says:
You can't.
On-line only."
"Eileen Elms says:
Can't get my order to come up"
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
Meaning what? That's not nearly enough information to allow anyone to help you."
"MamaBear007 says:
What happens when you click on Your Orders page?
http://www.amazon.com/your-orders"
"asortafairytale says:
Eileen, we're a very helpful bunch here, but nobody on these boards is psychic. You have to actually post DETAILS (no personal information, this is a public forum) about what exactly you're trying to do and what exactly the issue is. We can't help you if we have no idea what's going on."
"Jeffrey K. Bell says:
Concerning sales tax, I haven't been charged sales tax on items that were purchased directly from Amazon (other than specific suppliers or sellers who were located within my state) but this order had sales tax on the purchase. This particular order indicated Amazon as the supplier and not a specific company. Why the sales tax on this particular order....
Thanks,"
"reg says:
In the list of states for which Amazon collects sales tax, Indiana is one of them. It is possible that it was added recently, which is why you were not charged before. In most states, you are still responsible for paying the tax, so I prefer that Amazon collect it so I don't have to keep up with what I owe."
"TwinsFan says:
Indiana started charging online sales tax on 1/1"
"Purchaser says:
I'm sure Indiana was assessing Sales Tax long before that, but that may be when laws took effect requiring Amazon to collect it."
"Jeffrey K. Bell says:
Thanks for the responses, I know Indiana was eventually going to be a state that charged sales tax on Amazon purchases, but did not realize that it had taken place this soon"
"Meya says:
The issue is that you owed the tax all along."
"Lynn Morgan says:
Whenever I try to open a certain book to read, it brings up an error message saying invalid item, please remove from library and add again. So I do that, but still no luck. Any suggestions?"
"The Artist says:
On what device? That's important information."
"Christopher I. says:
I have the same problem on my Kindle app for my android smartphone. Cannot seem to access any of the content I had purchased through my tablet."
"Micah D. - Forum Moderator says:
Lynn - Like The Artist mentioned, we'll need a bit more information to help out with your issue. Please post back with which device you're talking about, and we'll be happy to help out! You can always speak with one of our Kindle Specialists about the problem too, I've included a link to reach out to us near the bottom of this post.
Christopher - Have you tried signing out of the Kindle app on your tablet? If not, follow the steps below:
1. From the Kindle for Android app, tap the menu button in the upper left-hand corner.
2. Select ""Settings"", then ""Deregister This Device"".
3. Press the ""Sign Out"" button that will appear on the pop-up box.
4. When it's complete, tap ""Start reading"" and sign in again with your Amazon account.
If you're still having trouble after those steps, the next step would be to get in touch with our Kindle Specialists. You can reach one 24/7 through this link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/kindle-help.html/ref=cssoc_FM_CU_KIN.
I look forward to hearing back about what happens!"
"Lynn Morgan says:
I went ahead and deleted the app, reinstalled and that did the trick! Thanks for all your help!"
"Kayla B. - Forum Moderator says:
I'll be sure to let Micah know that worked! Have a great day, Lynn!"
"Patricia Janulewicz says:
I note on my Discover card a charge of $79.00 for AmazonPrime Membership. I did not order this!!!!! Would you please check on this for me and let me know what is going on. Pat J."
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
Click the ""Why was I charged $79?"" link on this page on the right under Top 5 Questions."
"Purchaser says:
Can y'all with the special secret messaging system to the Mods get somebody to update that link? It doesn't really say much about how or why it might have happened or give instructions on cancellation and/or refund.

I've kind of stopped point to that link since it's so basic."
"Bonita Gutierrez says:
I was unaware of when I would switch to the year membership until my debit card was charged. I immediately logged in and canceled my subscription becuase I definetly did not want the year subscription. The screen said I would recieve a refund with the amount. How quickly will that refund be made? The money that was in the account was for my wedding dress THIS weekend. The quicker the better. I also think that the switch should not be automatic to prevent situations like this from happening."
"asortafairytale says:
Well, they DO tell you that it's automatic when you sign up. It's up to you to pay attention when you're signing up for a program.

The amount of time it takes to receive your refund varies, but it's usually within a few days."
"Vicki Tyree says:
I was charged for a year of prime, I never asked for it.. and it doesn't even say I have it. I want my $79 refunded!"
"Bonita Gutierrez says:
I had signed up for amazon mom and student. I didn't realize I was signed up for Prime. I never even used it, but thank you."
"Bruce E. Boyle says:
Amazon Student is a form of Prime, and Amazon Mom tells you right up front when you sign up that they are also signing you up for a trial of Prime. You just need to pay attention before you click ""Ok"" on things."
"a
Both Amazon Mom and Student Prime will automatically sign you up for the paid membership when the trial is over. If you were charged $79, then you were charged under your Amazon Mom membership. If the charge was $39, it was your Student Prime membership. Since you have both, you need to reach out to Customer Support and ask for help sorting this out. Click the yellow ""Contact Us"" button on the upper right side of this page. I think the phone option will work best for your issue."
"Purchaser says:
Use the Orange ""Contact Us"" button to the right of this page to contact Customer Service. >>>"
I rebooted and reset the TV to the proper input, and still get no signal message.
While watching DVR recording, there is this weird frame rate thing going on. Its hard to describe but it basically looks kind of like ti goes into slow motion but it does not actually do it. The…
if you watch most of your TV in the bedroom, then I recommend to switch the Genie to the bedroom.  You will have a better experience
Is it as easy as just moving them?
Yep, just move the boxes and their power supplies, everything else stays
I tried that but keep getting error 775.
So I have a question about my setup.  I'm a new DirecTV customer.  I have a Genie HR34-700 along with 3 mini Genie's in various rooms.  My HR34 is hooked up via wired ethernet (my house was wired with cat5 and I have a wired connection right behind the TV so thats what I'm using to connect to my network) going back to my router (which is a Linksys WRT1900AC).  The connection is plugged into port 1 on the router.  I have no problems accessing Youtube or Pandora or ordering Pay Per View events through the HR34.
You have a gateway and not a standalone router, correct? Also what is your download speed?
I was able to program my remote so that I can change channels and turn the TV on and off, but no matter which code I use, I am unable to lower the volume. When I press the volume down button, the volume goes up! I would really like to resolve this. My TV is a Magnavox, Model 20MF605T/17 Anybody have a solution for this?
try code 10054
I've already tried that one. I did some internet searching for codes, and literally tried 30 different codes. Some of them are successful at turning the TV on an off, and changing the stations, but none of them make the volume function work properly...
does the TV original remote works fine? is this a TV/DVD combo? I am afraid you may be out lock
It's not a DVD/TV combo. I do have the original remote...
Hello:   I've been with DirecTV for about five years.  I had four CRT sets originally, so I selected standard receivers which I still have.  Now that I've replaced two of the CRTs with HDTVs, I'm…
If the coax is RG6 then they can be reused, the tech will have to run a coax from the dish to the power panel to ground the dish and the system, then the coax goes inside to a central location for a splitter and power inserter and the preferred hard wire DECA BB to connect the internet, then the coax goes to the Genie and minis.
I have an hr34 now. I am up for an upgrade. should I upgrade to the hr44 or is there a newer receiver coming out soon>
Thats not really an upgrade in the reality that they are both. A whole home dvr.
DTV considers the HR34 and HR44 as functionally the same and cannot guaranty with one you will get, the only way to get an HR44 is thru a dealer at the full lease price. DTV doesn't tell us if there is a newer receiver coming out or when.
Alright I am not sure if anyone has any experience with this or not but ever since I have had Directv installed running the Genie I can no longer use airplay on my two airplay enabled stereos. The only thing that comes up is Directv2PC Media Server, is there a way to disable this from broadcasting on the network?
My HR20 HD DVR receiver is developing audio lagging.  It will occur after watching programming for longer than 20 minutes or so, on all channels.  The audio starts fine, but then falls out of synch…
I will never renew my account with Directv and in fact will be canceling it and could careless that i need to pay the penalty fees. The customer service is completely ridiculous and unhelpful. They sound like they are sitting on their living room couch. Every little thing they do there is a fee for it. If you plan on getting Directv ( I would not recommend) but if you do make sure you get all your receivers at the beginning when they don't over charge you for equipment leases otherwise after you decide to add another receiver within the next couple months they will charge you full lease price plus handling fees and installation fees. You can actually buy the receiver outside and resell it after to make your money back instead of leasing it through them. This has to be by far the worse decision I have ever made. Since my new location does not have Uverse at this time I will wait till it does to go back to them. With them I get all the channels and more including great customer service that is willing to help you. What a shame that Directv runs their company like this.
We just moved from NM to WA and had our receivers installed today. The system is not getting our new local channels. What do I need to do?
Can I get NEW customer pricing? I am eligible for equipment upgrades being I have the service plan. I am just tired of paying $160 a month when I could be paying $80.
Each of us gets to be a new customer once, although a lot of folks would like to be new permanently
Only DTV can tell you what they will do for you but basically if you have an HR24 or lower you will probably be upgraded to a Genie for free otherwise there is no equipment upgrades beyond the HR24. 
I would say if you have a significant other cancel Your service and have he/she Sign a new agreement
Cancel and go to cable. You should get some nice "comeback to us" offers in a month or two, including paying your cable contract cancellation fees.
In the past few weeks shows that are NOT on my playlist are recording.  I have no idea how to fix this. 
Are you in an apartment or condo that is sharing a dish? 
It would help to know what model DirecTV DVR(s) you have.
Has anyone seen a message like this before?  My box was at 50% free space and now is completely empty.  Any help would be appreciated.
There has been some issues reported that some DVRs lost the playlist when their firmware was update by DirecTV.  Most of the time this is caused by a failing hard drive.
I would like some opinions on my setup.  I currently have a new Samsung HDTV with Directv ready and several HDDVR's.  Tomorrow I'm getting a new Genie. Should I.... 1. Place the Genie in the living room and keep all of the other DVR's in the house so that I can record up to 9 shows at once and have about 2TB's of recording space? 2. Forget about the older DVR's and replace them with the Genie clients?  Yes, this will reduce my recording space, but it will eliminate wires. 3. Place the Genie in the playroom, away from the living room, to take advantage of the Samsung Directv Ready television so that I have a cleaner look in the Living room, ie no boxes?
Number 1 is spot on
I have an older HD DVR that we kept after upgrading to the genie. I wasn't home for the install so I wasn't able to tell them to put the genie in the parlor. I want the genie in the parlor and the older dvr in the bedroom. I was wondering about the correct way to go about swapping out the two. I tried a couple things that didn't work so I had to put everything back. Any help here would be much appreciated.
Disconnect the power then only the coax from the back of the HR44 and move the HR44 to the HR20 location and do the same before reconnecting the power.
BEFORE you do anything, do you have any other receivers? if so, what is their model numbers?
I Have two D12 receivers as well.
WAIT, DO NOT switch them yet. So you have 2 SD receivers, plus an HDDVR and a Genie?  if that is correct that is 9 tuners and you must have a SWM16 switch.  If that is the case, the SWM16 switch has two outputs and each output can support up to 8 tuners. we need two know what switch you have in order to advice correctly
I Have an SWM 16 switch.
I recently acquired the GenieGo. I really got it to play videos on an android tablet during a road trip I'm taking next month with my grandson. I have a micro SD card with 16GB of space on it, which according to what I read should store about 20 hours of videos. I have some movies on my DVR that I want to put on the tablet, but even though I have set the "storage options" to save movies to the micro SD card, it shows that I have 1.3gb available. Even when trying to download a 1 hour tv show, the device tells me that I don't have enough space to download it. I DO have more than 1.3gb of space on the SD card. Can someone help me understand why it says 1.3gb limit?
Where are you settings this options? inside the DirecTV app or the phone "general" settings?
When will WatchESPN be available to DirecTV subscribers? Kind of silly that we can not get this feature cable subscribers have it.
DTV never tells us these things.
Nobody here knows the answer to that question.
I have the Directv TiVo HD dvr, THR22, and I'm having trouble with the enhanced content. Basically the Tivo dvr's have 2 tuners recording a 30 minute cache at all times on which ever channel they are on, so that you don't have to record every program. The Directv enhanced content, from what I can tell, is the ppv movies that are available from channels 125 - 198.  Directv downloads these movies to have them available in case you want to watch them. Since there are always new movies, this is constantly downloading. So if I'm trying to watch programs on different tuners (channels), one of the channels gets interrupted. If I'm watching something and a program is scheduled to record while this content is being downloaded, the tivo will make me change my channel instead of stopping the enhanced content download. This happens constantly. I have already disabled the recording for TiVo suggestions and restarted the Tivo, but I can't stop the enhanced downloads. Any ideas on how to stop this?
I haven't been able to use the genie go app on my iPhone5 or iMac since around September 2013.  I have a windows based laptop and haven't had any issues with it, so I know my DVR and my Genie Go is connected to the internet and working properly.  All devices are connected to the same WiFi network with my Genie Go connected directly to my router.  When I open the app either on the phone or the iMac it takes forever to open and it always says there is nothing on my receiver which I know is not true. I have to "force quit" the app on my iMac because it just locks up. I'm assuming this has to do something with the compatibility with Apple products. I think there was an update to the app prior to it not working.  I have never set up the out-of-home-acess because I only used it to download programs from my DVR over my home network. I never wanted to use it to access my DVR away from home and stream over the internet.  Any suggestions or idea when and if  there might be an update to the app for the iPhone?
Have you tried removing and reinstalling the GenieGo app?
Yes, more than once.
We have been gradually losing signal strength on both of our receivers (living room and bedroom)  We were getting the "searching for signal on satellite 2" all day on Sunday (April 13).  Now both receivers are down and not receiving any signal. We have tried all of the trouble shooting tips that are stated on this website.
I've had problems with my Nook but the REAL problem is B&N's lack of customer service.  I've been to the local store, called, chats, and e-mails.  They will not fix the problems.  If I could afford to throw the Nook in the trash and buy a Kindle I would.  However, I can't afford to throw money away.  Why does B&N not care about customer service?  Because of the lack of customer service I've told everyone to stay away from B&N and the Nook.  Buy a Kindle.  I don't think the device is any better but friends get much better customer service.  Problems are actually acknowledged and fixed - something B&N can't or won't do.
Get in touch with AlexBN here. He has already responded to your other complaint. No guarantees, but he really tries to help. If you'd care to elaborate on your problem(s), others here may be able to help. 
they hang up on me. when I owned a nook they would triple bill me on every purchase so i moved to a kindle
I don't know how you are on the phone with them, but if you've got the same angry attitude that you do when you post here, that *might* be the reason.  CS agents, as difficult as they often are, still have to put up with way more abuse than any human deserves and sometimes they get fed up. Or it may just be that you're calling from a consistently bad connection and they're not haning up, you're getting disconnected.
I agree the customer service can be hard.  I work in that type of field.  But I've never really had good customer service from Barnes & Noble.  I'm still having issues (and regard of what was posted otherwise) no one has offered solutions that work.  I'm also of the B&N employees lying to me.  When I think I've found a good employee that has actually helped - turns our they have lied to me.  I just want a decent person that speaks clear English (without sounding like they have a mouth full of marbles) to help me fix problems (including, but not limited to:  books reappearing on the wish list after I purchased them, something removing my credit card information, etc). 
Good luck, the wishlist was an ongoing problem with me and my devices.  The final straw was when I reregistered the device to GET RID of the wishlist completely, when the device was done reregistering, I had a wishlist from months before and it followed my account, not device. Get a Kindle, I have no issues with my amazon wish list
I wish I had talked with you instead of the B&N employees when I was researching which device to buy.  Turns out the employees lied and B&N does not back up what they tell customers.  What I've learned since is that B&N does nothing to offer good customer service while Amazon has wonderful service available.
Trishan46, what did the employee lie to you about?
It wasn't just one employee or one thing.  The first was when I was researching which e-reader to purchase.  I asked a lot of questions at the local B&N store.  That was my first choice because I like having a local store to go to and talk with actual people.  I asked if I could use only gift cards to purchase e-books and not have to use a credit card.  Two people told me yes, I could use gift cards only and that a credit card was not necessary.  One even showed me how to add gift cards. That is not true - you have to put a credit card on your account.  I feel that is not needed if you use gift cards.  If there isn't enough $ on the gift card then don't let me order the book.  With ID theft I don't feel we should be forced to use credit cards but if we do then don't lie to customers about it. I also asked about replace warranty and was told if something happened to my Nook it would be replaced with a new one. i did buy the extended warranty. I didn't find out until this week that the replacement is another pre-owned Nook. I don't want someone else's problem Nook.
Depending on how the question and answer was worded, they may have been technically correct. You CAN just use gift cards to pay for purchases. But, you need a CC on file to create the DRM key. If you read the warranty, it says that replacement with a new or certified pre-owned device is up to the manufacturer. A pre-owned device would be new-to-you, and should be defect free If you have a problem with it, return it. Also, did you ever respond to Alex's request to help you?
You CAN just use gift cards to buy books. You can buy books and NEVER use a credit card to do so. No one lied to you. You need to have a credit card on the account, but it never has to be involved in a purchase transaction. It's standard for a warranty replacement to be a CPA. In fact, it's smart to assume ANY company who gives you a warranty replacement is give you a CPO. Unless you directly asked an employee if you'd get a CPO or a new device, you weren't lied to there either.  The problem I see here is that you didn't know enough to ask the right questions, and the employee you spoke with either didn't know enough to give you a full picture or didn't understand that you needed more information than you were asking for. Did you know that Amazon replaces with CPO devices? Or are you just jumping into a repeat of the events that happened when you bought your nook, where you're making a decision without doing your homework?
I specifically asked if a credit card had to be used in any way.  I was told NO.  Also, you do have to use a credit card at some point.  I had gift cards (the limit of 3) and because of the bungling way B&N uses the cards (by not completely using the first card before moving the next) I ended up with a total balance of less than fifty cents.  When I purchased the next book they finally depleted the gift cards and the balance went on my credit card.  All I'm saying is B&N should not have lied and told me it could all be done by gift cards.  And completely use the first gift card between moving to the next card. I didn't get a warranty to read until AFTER I purchased the Nook. I depended on the employees to provide correct information. If they didn't know the right answer, say so. Or find out. Or give me a copy of the warranty to read before purchase. Bottom line is I still think employees/companies need to tell customers the truth. Still think you work for B&N- subcontract maybe.
If that's the case, I'm woefully underpaid
Yes, they lied when they said I would not need to use a credit card.  I did ask the right questions.  Didn't know they employee didn't give the right answers.  I did my homework when I talked with more than one employee at B&N, just shouldn't have trusted them. You know the joke about assuming. I thought I could trust what I was being told. I did ask if I would get a new device. I was told yes. You were not there - you don't know that what I asked. I do because I was there! And you can NOT just use gift cards when there is just a tiny balance because the gift cards are used in a wasteful manner. Amazon offers good customer service. B&N does not. Does Amazon tell people they get a CPO instead of a new device? According to the person I just spoke to, yes they do tell the truth on that. B&N did not. Love those working for B&N. Wish the employees I spoke to were as dedicated as you are. Many then I would have received some correct answers. 
You would have found out about needing a CC on the account the MINUTE you tried to setup your Nook and attach it to a B&N account. You had 14 days to return it; no questions asked. Why didn't you? You're not making a lot of sense. Sadly, I think we've reached the "stop feeding the troll" stage of this thread. 
Have you asked if you could use a prepaid debit card since your concern is privacy and don't want to use your credit card? Have you asked if you can consolidate the small balance gift cards cards into one? (Or maybe you didn't ask the right questions.)
I hope that anyone honestly looking to this site for information before purchasing a Nook learns the truth before spending their money.  I believed information I was given by B&N employees and it turned out to be false.  Some posts say I didn’t ask the right questions but they were not there. I did ask specific questions (for example:  does a credit card have to be used for any reason when buying e-books or using a Nook).  I was told no, that a credit card is not needed for anything, gift cards could be used for everything.  Be aware that you do have to put a credit card on file.  I did try pre-paid cards but they come with fees.  With B&N’s way of handling e-book purchases I would be continually paying fees.  I’m on a budget. B&N does not use the gift cards in an efficient manner. B&N does not completely use the first gift card before moving to the net card. I had 3 gift cards (the limit) with a tiny balance. My next purchase cleared the cards but of course the balance was charged to my credit card. If the first card was completely used before the next card this would not happen as I could keep adding gift cards. I hope this changes but not expecting it. I was also told if I needed a replacement Nook I would be given a new nook. I did speak to more than one employee while I was decided which e-reader to purchase and was given bad information by more than one employee. My warranty is still good. I believe that if an employee doesn't know the truthful answer they just need to say "I don't know. But I'll find out you." I've had to do that in my job. If the employee can't or won't answer truthfully about warranty questions then give a copy so it can be read at that point. I didn't recieve a warranty until after I puchased the Nook. I didn't see the helpful posts; I had friends look as well. I do think many of these posts are made by B&N employees - maybe sub-contracted, but still paid in some form by B&N. In attempts to solve the wish list problems (and other problems) I've spoken to B&N employees in person at the local store, multiple chats and e-mails, and on the phone. No one solved the problem. I tried this site as a last resort. Sorry my friends were wrong about it being helpful. No I don't think any person, business, or device is perfect. But most companies offer better customer service. My comment about "bright idea" is true - if someone has the answer to fix the wish list problem I would consider it a bright idea beacuse of how many people have not been able to find the solution. I was looking for answers, not to be bullied. Not to listen to people assuming (wrongly) what questions I asked and the questions I was given. I'm sorry that I allowed myself to be swept up and responded to these posts. 
Have you looked into the Amex Bluebird card?  Looks like you can apply online and there are no fees. It clearly states on their web page that it works for online purchases (but I won't swear to it,haven't used it.  But it looks fairly straight forward.)  It looks like if you apply to set up online (rather than purchasing the starter kit at Walmart,) you aren't even charged the temporary fee. Re: Gift cards. Save the physical cards. When the balance gets too low to purchase anything remove them from your account. Take the cards into the local B&N and they can combine them into one new card. The drawback of this method is that "I think" the limit of cards that can be combined is 3 at a time. (It's been discussed before, can't remember exact details, something to do with banking laws or fraud.) One of the employees should know how many cards you can combine. Not being paid by B&N in any way, shape or form! (Wish I was.) Hope that helps.
Why does she keep telling us she thinks we're paid, like it's some kind of insult?  Heck, that'd be great if B&N paid us.  The time on this forum would be a nice second income. When the $$ goes into my account from my real job, I sure as heck don't feel insulted. 
I wouldn't mind a second job I could perform from anywhere, at any time. Unfortunately, I'm not a B&N employee, and never have been (they rejected me when I applied in college, apparently they didn't like me telling them I wouldn't be available during scheduled class times).
They rejected me too, the summer between high school and college.  I assume they didn't want to hire someone who'd leave in a few months.  Also, everyone who worked there at the time was a retiree, so maybe they just didn't think I'd fit in.
I have noticed that my NOOK Tablet's reader freezes on a page about every third or fourth book that I read.  I can still access the Home screen, the Library, and my apps, and everything else seems to work fine.  Whenever I try to access the book I was reading, however, the screen remains frozen on the same page and it does not respond to any touch commands.  The only way I have been able to recover from this state is to turn off the NT and turn it back on.  Although not critical, this is annoying, and I am surprised that B&N has not, yet, fixed it. Has anybody else noticed this? Mine has been doing it for more than six months.
I have noticed it a time or two or three but have not seen any consistency as to when it happens. When it occurred I could not move to the next page. If I used the "go to" feature I could move to the next page but it reverted to the "stuck" page. After a few such moves the book went back to shifting pages as usual. Irritating but I did not try to figure out why or a better way to correct.
I would perform a hard reset.  It does not mess with any of your data or settings.  Shutdown the NT.  Then hold the power button for at least 20 seconds, then release and wait for another 20 seconds.  Then do a normal power on startup.  This might help.  It did for me.
Is it consistently the same book and same page? I have had a few corrupt epubs that cause odd (and occasionally amusing) behavior in the reader. They either failed to open at all, or exhibited the odd behavior on the same pages each time.
Make sure your screen is clean and that there are no little hairs stuck under the bezel edge. I have had customers come in with the same issue whose screens were pretty dirty and hairy  and after a good cleaning the page turns worked fine.
????
Go into the WiFi settings and "forget" the WiFi connection with the bad password. Then re-select the network and enter the correct password. 
Thanks, worked like a champ!
We have charged the Nook Tablet using an outlet and the computer.  We have held down the power button and the "n" together several times.   It still does not turn on. Any Ideas? Thanks
Try holding the power off button for 15 seconds, release for 5(or 10) seconds. Then hold the power off button again. See if that clears it
Allowed the battery to completely drain; charged several hours; used the power switch / "n" button combo; also tried the power button for 15 secs & 20 secs and still no joy. 
Other than leaving it overnight on a high power (~2.1MaH) charger and a known-good microUSB cable, I don't have any suggestions. I assume you've been buy a B&N store for help? If you're not even seeing a flicker of life on the screen (a darkened room can help and you're sure it's been charged on a known-good charger and cable, that's not a good sign. If you saw anything, I'd suggest trying making or odering a bootable uSD card. You could try one anyhow, of course.
Had same issue & held the off button for the 10-15 sec, etc.  This worked for me.
Have you tried holding the power button for 15 to 30 seconds and then immediately plugging it in? This acts like a soft reset and will usually get the nook to book up or charge ((if totally dead because didn't know was plugged in).
Have you tried plugging the charger into the Nook Tablet, connecting it to an outlet, then turning it on?
I have found that once in a while My Nook also will not TURN ON or TURN OFF. I simply hold the power button in for 30s or more, it then turns on or off as the case might be…the 10s to 15s rule seems to be average for if you have an issue try the 30s period and folks that means 30s plus not minus...
The "stuck" NOOK is often the result of a program hanging. The first long-press of the power button forces it off. The 2nd turns it back on. If you take it into a darkened room, you may notice a faint screen glow when it's first stuck. That's the hung program. You'll see the screen go totally dead when the power is actually off. Hold the power button again, and you'll usually see a faint flicker as it restarts a few seconds before the boot display is shown.
Does anyone know whether Skype works on Nook Tablet?  I don't need the calling or video feature of Skype for this device, but I need it for group IM and desktop sharing.
I guess I don't understand Skype then. What's the point if you're not calling or videoing?
I don't think Skype is available for the NT yet. At least I haven't found it. If it was available, Desktop sharing seems to depend on video calling. So with no camera, I'm guessing you may not be able to do this. See this link: http://www.skype.com/intl/en/features/allfeatures/screen-sharing/  But there is an app that othes have used called Splashtop Remote Desktop. This does not just show snapshots of your desktop, but actually ets you remotely control another computer. For just chat, there is another Nook App (I have not tried it) called # 1 Chat Rooms. It is really designed as a safe chat room for kids, but may suit your needs if the people you chat with have NTs too. 
Thank you for your recommendations for other apps.  Due to Skype's free IP calling feature, it's very popular among internet users who use its desktop sharing feature as a free 'Webex' substitute.  And that's how I need it for. I've never done desktop sharing from a computer without a video camera, however I believe video call is not a requirement for sharing. I did desktop sharing many times with audio calls, and I always assume the reason for the audio call is to provide the "connection" between parties.
I have no experience with Skype desktop sharing, I was only going by their instructions on the page I linked to, Their instructions say: 1. Download Skype Download the latest version of Skype. 2. Make a video call Call one of your contacts. 3. Share your screen Click the Share button in the call window. Hope you get a way to do what you want from your NT. It is an amazingly versatile device, but often requires workarounds.
I found the Android installation from its website, but it needs to have Android Market account (device?) to download and install.  I have no clue how to do this, so I'm stuck right now :-(
If you are willing to mess about with 'rooting' you tablet, you can run Skype for the IM capability. I would only recommend this for the tech savvy as there is a chance the rooting process could cause problems with the tablet. That said, I have done it and Skype works fine except I can't make calls. No biggy.
So skype is avalaible for the android market? Kinda sucks without being able to make calls and obviously no video but for the IM it would be pretty neat idea. 
Work around indeed since NT doesn't have a camera for video calls.
Yes Skype is available in the Android market. It's on my Sprint HTC 4G phone. But don't search for it or anything. Too easy.
Nook Tablet has a Mic. So you could, in theory, do voice calls. IM would work if you would be able to install it. File exchange doesn't need audio. I've done it on chat lots of times (but on PC). I'm not sure how file transfew would work on Nook. Probably ask you how you want to open the file if it's a PDF or text file. ***** You would have to root and then install Skype. Not sure it's worth the hassle. 
My old PSP had skype and it obviously had no camera.
i pay for the service, it's compatible with my iPhone, so why does comcast not support the HBO go app. for PS3??
It is normal that the status of the order is ''shipping now'' since 5 hours ?
I will never renew my account with Directv and in fact will be canceling it and could careless that i need to pay the penalty fees. The customer service is completely ridiculous and unhelpful. They sound like they are sitting on their living room couch. Every little thing they do there is a fee for it. If you plan on getting Directv ( I would not recommend) but if you do make sure you get all your receivers at the beginning when they don't over charge you for equipment leases otherwise after you decide to add another receiver within the next couple months they will charge you full lease price plus handling fees and installation fees. You can actually buy the receiver outside and resell it after to make your money back instead of leasing it through them. This has to be by far the worse decision I have ever made. Since my new location does not have Uverse at this time I will wait till it does to go back to them. With them I get all the channels and more including great customer service that is willing to help you. What a shame that Directv runs their company like this.
We just moved from NM to WA and had our receivers installed today. The system is not getting our new local channels. What do I need to do?
I rebooted and reset the TV to the proper input, and still get no signal message.
My HR20 HD DVR receiver is developing audio lagging.  It will occur after watching programming for longer than 20 minutes or so, on all channels.  The audio starts fine, but then falls out of synch with the video, and lags behind the picture signal by 1-2 seconds.  If I leave the receiver on, the sound will then become distorted and unintelligible. I can temporarily fix it by just reversing and then fast-forwarding the program, or by re-booting everything; however the problem develops again; usually within the hour.   I have contacted technical support by phone, but they have never heard of this problem, and don't have a solution, other than to re-boot everything again.  I have tried every conceivable audio connection - through just the television, or through just the soundbar, etc., but the problem always occurs. Any suggestions? 
I was able to program my remote so that I can change channels and turn the TV on and off, but no matter which code I use, I am unable to lower the volume. When I press the volume down button, the volume goes up! I would really like to resolve this. My TV is a Magnavox, Model 20MF605T/17. Anybody have a solution for this?
Probably not.  Check your TV remote's owner's manual.  Most TV remotes cannot control DirecTV equipment.
While watching DVR recording, there is this weird frame rate thing going on. Its hard to describe but it basically looks kind of like ti goes into slow motion but it does not actually do it. The audio is fine and does not cut out. We have a Hd44-700 and one room with the mini-receiver thing.
You must have moved the power inserter and not the HR44 power brick, this is the power inserter http://www.solidsignal.com/pview.asp?p=PI-21&ss=102106and it must stay connected to the red power pass through port on the SWM splitter.
Kindle Fire HD 7". Cannot connect to our home wi-fi. Says authentication failed. My password has not changed, but it's not asking me to re-enter a password. I've re-booted both the Kindle and the router several times. Airplane mode is off.
I bought an ebook but it doesnt appears on Kindle PC or Amazon's cloud. There isnt a synchronization
can you read the Kindle HD Fire in full sun?
Not really. You would need a towel over your head and the Kindle or be a very well shaded area. It is a tablet with a screen like any other tablet, smartphone or computer screen and devices like that are only visible based on the light they emit. The sun is a whole lot stronger so it washes the display out.
I have about 1200 books stored. When I bring up abook to be reread, it disappears. It's not in archived items.
I want to send my content to my ipad
Kindle Fire. Do I need a converter to charge my Kindle Fire in China or will an adapter do?
Amazon's chargers are dual-power so if you're using one of those an adapter is all you need.
How do I register a used kindle?
Kindle for ipad since the latest update the brightness setting constantly defaults to the brightest setting. After I dim the setting to my liking, within five minutes it returns to brightest. Why won't my setting hold?
Thanks for reaching out to us. I've taken your feedback on this issue and forwarded it on to our development team. We're always listening, so if you have any further suggestions, please email them here: kindle-feedback@amazon.com.
The Text-to-Speech functin was accidentally activated on my Kindle, and now I can't turn it off. Please tell me how to do it. When I'm on a book page, the 'text-to-speech' command isn't visible anywhere
I have an old model D00511 and I keep breaking a nail trying to close it so I want to get a new kindle but how do I transfer the books I haven't read to a new kindle
You do not Transfer Books. When you purchase a new kindle and register it to the same account as your other kindle all the books on your account (that are compatible with that device) will appear on the Cloud Tab (archived items) you can then select which books you would like to download.
you're asking a forum of kindle users about a dimmer - I suggest you contact Customer Service via the orange Contact Us button on the right of this page and I also suggest that you click the little blue edit this post in the lower right corner of your post and delete your order number - with that order number and your real name, a hacker might be able to hack your account
When I slide the power button on my kindle it won't wake. The light turns green for a few seconds but the screen stays frozen on the screen saver. I've tried holding the power button for several seconds but it doesn't change anything.
If restarting your Kindle hasn't done the trick, I'd recommend getting in touch with our Kindle Support team for more real-time troubleshooting. You can reach them by phone or chat by clicking the "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page, or using this direct link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/kindle-help.html/ref=cssoc_FM_CU_KIN
I need to delete some apps to free up space, but they won't delete. Some I have been able to delete online, but they are still on my Kindle even when I sync.
Any apps that came pre installed on your device can not be deleted. It also can take awhile for Amazons servers to sync with your device.
Kindle fire hdx has a cracked screen will an external keyboard access the device
If the screen is cracked so that you cannot use the touch screen an external keyboard isn't going to help. There isn't much you can use a keyboard for - certainly not to make selections, open books, etc.
My Kindle Fire HD 8.9" freezes during internet surfing and closes down. I am having problems opening apps. At times, I have to go into the Installed Applications and "Force Stop." I bought it in July, 2013.
Hi Becky, restarting your Kindle Fire can refresh the software on your device and remove stray data causing trouble. To restart, make sure it's not plugged in to charge, then press and hold the power button for 20 seconds (ignore the Shut Down message). Leave it off for a few seconds, then press the power button to start up again.
Marilyn - Please come back here and edit your post and delete your order numbers. This is a public forum and everyone on the internet can see them, including criminals who can use it to compromise your account. Click on the little blue "Edit this post" link in the bottom right corner.
i have tried to charge it with 3 different chargers it will not charge.
Screen is a mottled combination of a partial portrait of Steinbeck (I think it's Steinbeck) a couple of blank spots and some print. The print looks like a copier print when it is running out of ink. Also the screen has stripes both vertical and horizontal. Ink color varies from pale gray to dark black. I tried holding the restart button for 20seconds. Same screen pops up again. Help! I'm in the middle of a beeok.
I have purchased an e reader which is not a Kindle. On the Amazon site I cannot find any number beside the advertised book which would tell me if the book is only for Kindle products
When I try to download a document from the internet a new tab comes up with about:blank at the top and a blank page. Can anyone help?
Are you using the Silk browser on a Kindle Fire device? If so, you can find your downloads by swiping to the right from the edge of the screen, tap "Downloads," then select the file to open it. If the file isn't displayed there, restart your Kindle to clear up any problematic data. Here's what to do: 1. Unplug your Kindle from any power source. 2. Hold down the power button for 20 seconds, ignoring the Shut Down message. 3. Release the button, then press it again after a few seconds
I transferred some music from my PC to my Kindle Fire hdx and the music does not appear any where on my device. Assuming the music didn't get onto my Kindle, I tried it a second time and after a crazy fast sync process it told me all the music was already on my device.
Were the files transferred via USB, D. Doctor? If so, you'll want to make sure you're following the process listed here:http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_201304420?&nodeId=201304420. 
Hi, I just bought a kindle D01100 from a police auction. I have tried logging in but it says I cannot log in at this time because my wifi signal is not strong enough but it's got full bars and it lets me google things so the internet is working.tried using the reset passwords along with my email but no joy, any ideas? Many thanks,Paul
IF the original kindle owner called amazon and listed the device as Lost/ Stolen then it can not be registered. If you use the contact us button to the right then customer service can tell you if this is the case.
I'm having on-screen keyboard problems. First time I used it, it disappeared before I was finished typing. Today, I was trying to get my first app and the screen came up asking for my user name and password for my account. However, the keyboard did not come up and I don't know where to find it. I have a Kindle Fire HDX 8.9. (I am new to this touch-screen thing, as all I had before was a Basic Kindle.)
Tap in a blank text box where you're supposed to enter information and the keyboard will pop up.
I share my kindle account with my kids. Is there a way to password protect any books not appropriate for them or hide in a folder they wouldnt hsve access to?
I have an enormous screenshot file. Would like to organize it and move some to the cloud if possible, can anyone tell me how to do this.
On my Kindle reader (not Fire) I wish to enlarge the fonts in the books. Can I do this?
yep, tap in the center of the page of the book, then tap Aa and adjust away
I recently purchased a book from Amazon it has been delivered to my Ipad but not to my Kindle. How do I get it on my Kindle?
by useing the recovery manager and trying to restore the computer back to factory default I get this message that restoration failed due to p2pp burnboot check failed. I have recovery cds being shipped but already read a few post on the message boards that people are still getting this error even with using the CDs and they are having to ship their computers back to HP for repairs. 
hi. I have downloaded drivers of hp450s probook basic model. But most of them do not installed. Why??? I think the version of drivers is not suitbale for my laptop. And I do not know which drivers should I have downlaoded? All of them? If you want to have no uninstalled in the disk manager, chich of them do i download? Please help me. thank u
Hi, HP has not tested the windows 8.1 to HP Pavilion. I do not think installing what do I do? how to install? Thank you
I have a Pavillion DV6-6137TX with Windows 7.  When I first got it all the onboard HP software (e.g. HP Support Assistant and others) worked well. After a couple of HP software updates these programs started to fail to the point of not responding.  I have tried just about all the suggestions on the forum to reinstall Support Assistant following the recomendations to the letter and still nothing works. I have also done a factory reset a while back and yes Support Assistant was working ok until there was an HP update for it and it all started packing up again.  I just have downloaded the latest version of Support Assistant and gone through the process of uninstalling the old one, rebooting, reinstalling the new version, rebooting and still it does not respond even thought it said that it had installed correctly. Any more ideas other than what is is on the forum??? 
HP Software Framework first and then HP Support Assistant.I am an HP employee.Regards, Vidya. Make it easier for other people to find solutions, by marking my answer “Accept as Solution” if it solves your problem.***Click on White “Kudos” STAR to say thanks!*** 
i have downloaded drivers for my hp laptop to my desktop now i need some help in getting them on a disc or on a flashdrive i don't have a clue on how to do this can you help me
My hp pavillion asks for a password for entering Windows. It doesn't recognize any password so I can't get into THE system. Can anyone help?
Hello, recently I installed Ubuntu, and god did I regret it. But now I have a fresh install of Windows 8 OEM and for whatever reason when I try downloading a simple driver like the "Energy star" power plan for my PC, it will go through the first few parts of the driver setup for extracting files and folders and then it's done. It doesn't take me through a setup or anything. Then I checked to see if it was installed and it wasn't. It also does this for other drivers.
There were many system updates available when I scanned for updates  in hp supoort assistance.I updated the recommended updates.After updating,a popup message appeared saying you ave to restart the computer inorder to apply the updates.But even after restarting,I could see the same popup messages appearing again and again.I can not access main window.Please help me.
I have forgotten the password that was set in the hardcode section which is vefore my windows pops up. Can you give me a recovery code?
Hi: Please enter any password 3 times and see if you get a System Disabled (Halt Code). If you do, please post that code.
HP Split X2 Intel i3 running 8.1 64bit, the system just automatically installed 8.1 Update 1. Lots of the common problems already reported, which I've fixed about all of them (really happy Beats came back!). But now the stumper is when I wake from sleep, it acts like it's going to just crash. Touch screen non-responsive, USB port throws error when I plug in the mouse, fan kicks into high gear, every resquest takes forever, programs unresponsive, Start live tiles stutter. Really misbehaves when taken out of sleep in tablet mode. Ran all diagnostics, the only issue is "Missing Driver Ralink_RT3290_Bluetooth_01". I've read on sites this could be causing my problem. But.... I cannot find this Ralink 3290 driver for Win 8.1 anywhere on the net. Anyone know where to get this missing driver? Anyone know if this fixes the wake from sleep issue? I really hate this Update 1 release. Thanks community.
Hi: Please see if this W8.1 BT driver works for you...  http://h20565.www2.hp.com/portal/site/hpsc/template.PAGE/public/psi/swdDetails/?spf_p.tpst=swdMain&s...
Over the last half week, my computer has been randomly loading something at random intervals, it shows up with the cursor with the spinning pinwheel next to it.Even if I didn't opens any applications, the loading symbol still appears. The intervals seem to change a bit, sometimes its very often, other times its not.Is it any virus infection or something else? Please give me a solution for this problem.. Thanks in advance...
Welcome to the HP Community! To better assist with your issue I will need some additional details as this could be any number of things. Have you done any sort of virus or malware scan at this point? What operating system are you using? What is your computer's product number? Have you made any changes in terms of software or hardware recently? Do you have a restore point that you might able to use before this issue started occurring? Thank you,
My cursor will not stop spinning.  It has been spinning for about 3 weeks now.
Can I run Windows 7on this laptop?   Really don't like 8. Thanks!
I lost everything I had saved including most of the HP programs that came with the new computer. How do I get those back? I am thinking of dumping Windows in favor of Ubuntu.
Try tapping F11 as soon as you power on the computer to access the recovery partition if still available and then restore the computer to the "As Shipped State". I have never seen a microsoft update wipe the hard drive on a computer. I have seen the hard drive wiped when someone was trying to install Unbutu so they could dual boot on a computer with windows 7. If this is what you were trying to do you may have lost the restore partition.
No Ubuntu. Most of recovery partition plus my main partition wiped clean. Enough in the Recovery partition to start brand new windows with no bloat wear or HP assistance. Might have been a remaining  rootkir lurking. This was a reconditioned computer from HP and as soon as I got it last Christmas I did scans and found rootkits. A pox on HP!
Assalam o alaikum. Yesterday i lost my hp tools partition.. How can i achieve this partition on my windows 8.1 ? System config HP Pavillion dv6-6C02 core i5-2450M..
Hi saim, welcome to the HP Forums. To restore your recovery partition, you require recovery media to perform a full HP Recovery.  Performing an HP System Recovery (Windows 8)  If you have not made the recovery media, you can contact support to find out how to obtain it:
My computer says BOOTMGR is missing Press Ctrl+Alt+Del to restart. What is the easiest way to fix it? My brother keeps messing with it and somewhat making it worse.
Hi thelonewolf, welcome to the HP Forums. What is the model number of your computer? What version of Windows is installed?
When I get on my home page, it freezes up, I can't get to my e-mail or any other places
Hello everybody, because the HDD of my Compaq Presario CQ41-214TX (Serial:edited by Moderator) has broken (and with it the recovery partition), I would like to install a new Windows 7 (home premium, 64bit) on the new HDD. At the beginning the Installer needs a driver for the HDD. On the HP website I can't find it. Can anyone help me? Where can I get such a driver for my Notebook? Thanks.
When I get on my home page, it freezes up, I can't get to my e-mail or any other places
Hi ! anyone know where to downloaddrivera for 15-r051eu windows 7 64bit ? thanks in advance
We did not install anything recently.  This just started happening out of the blue.  (Windows updates perhaps?) After logging into Windows 8.1 on my HP Pavilion 17-e037cl, the screen just starts switching between the desktop and a blank screen.  I took a video of it and posted it to Youtube:  "http://youtu.be/T9tg_c7D85Q"  After hitting the windows button, the screen is now switching between the win8 tile screen and the desktop. This is extremely frustrating.  I would like to find a solution without restoring the OS and having to reinstall everything.
Well, searching on the net, there are quite a few people with the same issue.  Mine started this past Sunday.  After trying numerous thoughts, I backed up my stuff to my home NAS and restored the system.  Today, I brought up the system, clicked on the Desktop tile, and now the system switches between the desktop and a blank screen.  The system is still on the Windows 8 release, patched.  HP Envy dv6 i7 quad core with Nvidia graphics.  Windows 8 professional with media center upgrade.  Any thoughts would be most welcomed.  The system was purchased May 2013 and has been rock solid up till this past Sunday.
My question is: Do I have the latest BIOS version? If i dont, do I need to retract to my old OS to update the current BIOS or is there a "search" I can do within HP.com to locate the version for OS Windows 7 Pro 64 bit? Thank you in advance!
I own an HP Pavilion 'a1540n' desktop.  I am ungrading from Win XP to Win 7.  Using the Windows 7 Ugrade Advisor it referred to my machine as a Pavilion '061'.  I can't find that desigation anywhere on my paperwork or the PC itself.  A web search, however, brings up several pages of websites related to the upgrade; a search on the 'a1540n' brought up one with little info.  Are these the same PC or what?
Hello i have a hp pavilion p62003w. I have a problem the cpu when i press the power button an ORANGE LIGHT START TO BLINK. Please help me i really need to fix this problem.
I have Windows 7, and hp scanjet 8250, laserjet CP1525nw, deskjet 6899, and photosmart 7260. I need to know how to get HP solution Center. All I'm getting is drivers for other printers, which I don't have, and I install and then it tells me to connect and I don't and then the solution center doesn't work. Don't I have enough HP products to warrant getting this software? How can I just download the program without any other drivers?
devices are recognized but computer not responding. Device manager says code 31 on all.. Windows cannot load drivers?
I have 4 HP products and I woould like an easy way to install HP Solution Center, which I need for my older scanner. Each time I install a new computer I have to search for it, and I  seem to have an impossible time finding it--it's just not anywhere. Please help.
I have come to this page many times and continue to be baffled by it. It tells you that you can get HP Solution Center, but when you try to do it it just asks for your product (i.e. a printer) which then you have to figure out "where is the solution center?" Maybe I'm just missing something, but if you have a trick to get Solution Center out of this, without having to experiment with installing numerous printer drivers until you find the right one that will let you install it without the printer, I'd love to know it.
I hate windows 8 & 8.1.  Is it possible to install windows 7 on my new HP computer? If yes what major issues will ther be?
Hi, I recently bought a new graphics card and I am stuck on the hp start screen when trying to start my pc. I have looked around and have found this is caused by the bios not being UEFI compatible ( I think so anyway ). I have also seen that only some make sof pc actually have this update and some are still getting it. My pc is an HP Pavilion HPE H9-1033uk Phoenix Gaming PC, Intel Core i7-2600 3.4GHz, 6GB RAM, 1TB HDD, DVDRW, NVIDIA GTX 550 Ti, Windows 7 Home Premium 64. Please give me some good news and tell me this has the update. If so could u link it to me and if not will it ever get the update?
http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/softwareCategory?cc=us&lc=en&product=5178854
When opening for the first time each day i get "program not responding"  When I start to shut it down I click on "Windows is checking for a solution"  After a few minutes Live Mail is restarted automatically and runs properly for the rest of the day because I use sleep mode all day to minimize the hassle of restarting. My ISP has reinstalled Live Mail for me but it did not help.  I have been to a computer repair service twice, they claimed they fixed it but it came back.  Do you have any suggestions ??  thanks in advance 
I installed WLM 2012 thru the link you provided.  I forgot to tell you that when closeing Windows it can take up to 15 minutes to shut down.  When I did a restart after the download all those problems showed themselves.  I have to assume there was nothing in that update that helped.
Hello! Lots of suggestions here.  http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_7-system/windows-7-takes-20-minutes-to-shut...
Sometimes when I fire my computer up I'm getting the Home Group Icon on my desktop even though I haven't set up the Home Group.  When I run the troubleshooter it disappears.  My computer is an ENVY dv7 with Windows 8.  Any thoughts on how I can stop this from happening?  It's more annoying than anything else. 
So I started going with your directions and found that in the Home Group settings there was an option to turn off "Network Discovery" and did so.  There is another computer in the house and we are both connected wirelessly to the printer.  Gonna take a wait and see stance here, but I think that may have solved my petty little issue.  Thanks for your input and pointing me in what I think is the right direction.
ok how do i fix this default stteing
I can't change my laptop brightness neither with F2 and F3 keys nor in the settings. I have already updated all my drivers but still have no response when adjusting brightness. I have an hp pavilion sleekbook 15
i searched the web and it said to unninstall all the drivers in device manager»monitors and then scan for hardware changes and it worked.
Why does HP include a traid controller software in the installation and startup for a desktop computer with only one hardrive? What purpose does this serve other than causing confusion when trying to recover a crash or failing hard drive ?
I suspect you are coorect. Typical HP to not consider customer, just just for  their own convenience. I noticed this raid configuration at startup a while ago but, It took on importance when trying to clone the drive for a replacement . The cloning software said it would not work with raid software configuration. Naturally i tried anyway and the clone worked perfectly.
Comcast, my family has been a lifelong customer of you guys since the very begining. What I am seeing coming into play is very disturbing.. My entire family ((5 people)) love and live on technology, and 99% of that connects to the internet. You guys capping our already unlimited service and then trying to charge us 10$ per 50gigs its rediculous! I keep getting spammed on EVERY SINGLE webiste i surf to or try to view stating that im reaching my Comcast Data Limit. Guess what guys???? that was on the 3RD day of the month!!! My tv,coffee maker,alarm system,5 computers, 3 smart phones, xbox,ps3, netflix,etc is ALL on the internet.. Me having to buy my son a 60$ ps3 game and then 15$ a month for ps3 live, THEN the internet bill + anyover data usuage is INSANE!! I am about ready to throw my screens outside due to this stupid annoying pop up telling me im reaching my limit.. PLEASE tell me how to stop this stupid thing..logining into xfinity doesnt help either.. If this continues my family and the 1000+ people i have on my social networks will find another alternative or just get back on DSL.. You guys should be ashamed of yourselves trying to charge people for a data limit when we are already paying for the service/maintainence... Thanks
Also, anyone that would like to share their  thoughts or comments about this data cap, please feel free to do so.
This is a customer to customer support forum for  dealing primarily with email, address book and calendar issues.  We are paying customers like you and can't address your pricing concerns.  You really need be in direct contact with Comcast on this.  The only Comcast employees in here have their names in red, and they only pop in here on no particular schedule from time to time.
Where do you live? There's only a handful of test markets that Comcast reinstated the cap to.  https://customer.comcast.com/help-and-support/internet/data-usage-what-are-the-different-plans-launc…
Jackson MS area
Yep that's one of them
I don't know if there is a way to turn off the pop ups that Comcast is injecting. I'll look into it though. And you shouldn't be hitting your data cap in three days, you would on average be using 100GB a day! Something isn't right.
Well lets see..I stream on twitchtv daily. I make and upload youtube videosI stream music off pandora which I pay for I stream movies off Netflix 1-3 movies a day which I pay forI paid for an online game (60$) (it also has a 15$ a month to play) and i have many of these.. which is where i get my content for my videosMy wife takes online classes and streams videos and music as wellMy kids stream videos and movies as well after they complete their homework.TV is a smart tv which is online and updatesXbox 360 for gaming cell phones updating and youtube videos off themin the words of Forrest Gump:and thats all i got to say about that...So yea lots and its a living for me also..I dont understand how they can select a city like that and push it on uswe have been customers for a very long time..now all of the sudden im being forced to use a service i didnt agree on and being charged for it. its the 10th and im currently almost @ 800gigs of data from what their site says.. its insane!
At your current rate of consumption you will have used around 2 Terabytes of data in one month. A lot of small business don't even use that much data. NASA doesn't even use that much data.  If you are going to continue to use that much data you should consider getting Business Class for internet. There is no data cap for Business Class users. (And no, you don't really need to have a business.)
I think OP is exaggerating a bit on data use as I do pretty much the same stuff.  But I will be 100% honest, the first day I hit my data cap when it comes back, I will be switching to RR/BHN. I like that comcast has better upload speeds at a bit less of the cost, but I just won't settle for being capped when no one else is doing it. Hopefully I won't hit it too soon, but I more than expect to with all the movie streaming, steam downloading, and twitch streaming that I do.   It is unfortunate, so far I have enjoyed my service. But it is what it is. We are becoming more data dependent, and comcast, and the cell phone companies, are pushing back to bank on that fact.
"Your twitch channel has a total of 105 views, ever, in its existance.
Your twitter account has 4 followers.
1 person has you in their google+ circle
Your youtube account has 0 videos uploaded, 1 subscriber.  Unless there is another ""Beaverwarrior82"", I am not sure if your threat is going to hold very much weight. Something tells me your exaggeration of followers is right in line with your exaggeration of data usage. Torrent less."
I have a family of 5, three of them teenagers. All of our TV viewing is done online, I work online, we also Steam, game, two of my kids have Youtube channels etc. Our typical use is 4-700GB a month. 
Sounds like you will break the cap pretty quick even with their top tier if you hit 700. I don't have many options in Orlando. BHN is in the process of installing lines in my community. I don't want to make the switch because of the bad experience I had, and the fact they are more expensive for less bandwith (especially their upload tiers). But ya, the first day I come close to the limit on Blast! im out. I am not going to support this shift that is happening with data providers.
"i dont believe i posted my twitchtv info nor my youtube channel anywhere for anyone.. but im glad you cared enough to go searching for us.  my comment about the 1000 people is the biggest fastest means of getting information/news to the world... facebook... and the customers we have from our family business..  everyone knows good news 
travels fast but bad news travels faster.. and yes we have looked into other ISPs if the cap stays and we are charged for overages, we will be sadly leaving comcast.. you would think that there was a terms of service somewhere.. i would love to read it ."
http://www.comcast.com/corporate/customers/policies/subscriberagreement.html
I sent a feedback messasge to comcast saying "Just wanted to let you know, as soon as the datacap hits in Orlando I will be termiinating my services immediatetly."  I doubt it would do any good, even if thousands of us sent them feedback. They seem pretty dead set with the idea of data capping us. I am just glad the new house I moved into is getting a second provider in place this month so I have the option of dropping when this happens.
A 2TB data cap is not going to happen any time in the foreseeable future for residential customers. If you need to transfer that much data, you should consider Business Class. 
Oh no doubt on 2tb. I actually listed excessive as 1.5tb, but then again I said that the Extreme 50/105 should either had caps that high or unlimited for the $100+/mnth they cost. The main point is the rediculousness of 300gig in our current online lives. It's so low it's a slap to the face and kick to the groin for those of us that already pay over $100.
Everyone has different levels of usage. We typically use 400-700GB a month, so we'll be over 300GB too. I'm hoping they will go with the plan that give Extreme users more data. That only makes sense. If the data cap becomes a problem for us, I'll switch to FiOS.
Well we live in the Jackson, MS area and the cap just SUCKS.We signed up a year ago after having issues with ATT and we were told it was unlimited, also. We just needed the speed increase from 6Mbps to 50+Mbps to handle gaming on 3 pc's, 5 smartphones, 3 Ps3's, 5 HD Directv box + 2 HDDVR all on whole home internet setup, ATT Microcell tower to get reliable cell service in the house which uses the internet connection (no charge for data when on ATT DSL before) but not now, plus 3 laptops, a media server, add in Netflix and Amazon Prime HD video streaming and we hit "801 GB" for August and are on track for 500 - 550 gb for September 2013. Previous months were all over the 300 gb cap, 462gb and 696gb.
Well Comcast is saying I have used 12gb since 12 am 10-01-13 and my rounter is showing 9.24 gb so where did the other 2.76gb come from. I kind of trust my Asus router more than i trust Comcast if figuring data usage. Everything goes thru the router so it should know how much data it is transmitting and receiving. Maybe Comcast is padding his usage some,LOL... anywhat at this rate of usage which is below our 20gb daily average we will once again go over the 300gb cap.
If you are using 400-700gb a month you will always be over the 300gb cap (if that is in place like we have in Jackson,MS) and you will have to pay $20 - $80 a month extra over your current bill. That's NUTS!!! for using it something i was told was unlimited use. We had 800 gb in August and September was 531gb. I just don't believe the comcast garbage that 99% omly use 12gb average or whatever figure they thru out. It's just NOT true!!!! Too many people are now streaming movies, online games, Ipads, tablets phones,etc. I just don't beieve the figures and stats, just propaganda.
Yeah, I'm hoping for their other plan that allows 600GB for Extreme 105 users. 
The worst part about this is the language they decided to use in the notification.
"Comcast had a 250GB cap in place since 2008 before they suspended it to trial two new data plans.
One was the 300GB plan.
When I signed up for Comcast Internet in 2009 I was told it was unliimited also. The 250G cap was in place then, the local staff apparently was not told about it at that time."
"so it is probably something that cannot be won. ATT and Verizon do caps and then charge per gb over that limit. The caps are not about the cost of delivering. Comcast can deliver there is no BS about congestion and only 1% will be effected.
 
http://consumerist.com/2012/12/18/new-report-says-cash-cow-data-caps-are-about-pleasing-investors-no...
 
well i am the 1% i stream tv, play games, work on vpn. But my biggest hit is the backup data service. I backup my home server to the cloud and easily roll over 300 gb per month.
 
I agree with other posters here. If you buy the top tier you should be uncapped. cap the lower tiers i would consider the 105 tier if it was cap free."
We have gone of the CAP with what I consider everyday usage - gaming- netflix- etc... for the past 3 months. Something has to be done or I am ditching comcast.
"Well, here it is the 15th of the month and we just got our 90% of usage reminder that we will today probably go over the 300 gb cap, ""AGAIN"". We still have half of the month to go and at this rate will hit 600gb usage. How do they expect us to use the internet that they told me I had ""unlimited access"" to with these type of caps imposed on us. At this rate we will use up our 3 free months pass or grace periods by the end of the year to get acclamated to the new stranglehold of 300 gb cap. I either fork over an additional $60 a month to cover the cap overage or move to a business plan a get locked in for 1-3 years, plus installation fees upfront to get out of the cap situation.

Just like at lot of others I was told there was no data cap when I signed up for ""Blast Plus"". It wasn't until later I found out there was a cap. but they were not enforcing it. I guess this was to get people hooked on using it then like a drug they can't get unhooked when they are told to cut back. It is just ludicrous and plain just wrong.
 
Problem is in our area, Jackson/Pearl MS we have no ""real"" competition. AT&T is slow by comparison even if you can get their ""U-verse"" service and they have a 250gb cap in place, also. Not sure if they enforce it and charge you more or throttle you back when you go over."
"I recieved my 80% notice today. Everyone in my family has been warned to watch data consumption. Sadly even with the warning..even with very moderated use...in less than 5 hours we have used 3 Gigs...
 
It is frustrating knowing that my son, who enjoys gaming and streaming with his friends(I know he is home safe and sound and he feels connected to his peers) will suffer the most. Mainly because I have 0 options to upgrade to a higher cap because i live in rural TN. 
 
Keep in mind Comcast..i won't mind payin a lil extra for going over data. At least make it fair and reasonable. Maybe $10.00 for 100G...
 
Right now im looking at $60 dollars more a month by Jan (Esp since family will be indoors in the cold more)"
"Oct 18 here, and I have done nearly EVERYTHING possible to NOT go over. I have had to walk to free wifi spots to send my files for work, and even then am almost t o300gig FOR JUST MINOR BROWSING and my RDP into my work box. That's it. No downloading all over, no movies, I think the g/f streamed one video, and even after all that NOTHING I am still going to go over.
 
There is no ifs or buts, either this is corrected, as I am on a contract stating no caps in the ""signing recording"" or you cancel this contract and lower me to the lowest tier you have. I already have a BBB complaint in, and am looking at going to the Georgia Business Alliance. This is a change to contract introducing SUPER strict caps, and I expect you to either honor my contract or allow me out of it."
"If you want the above issue to be noticed by Comcast try this
Send an e-mail to this address
We_can_help@cable.comcast.com
Include:
full name
service address
phone number
account number
link to this thread
full details of the problems
You may have seen this listed before but just so you know the forums are mainly a customer to customer help forum with limited monitoring by Comcast employees. A official employee may not see your posting here.
While it is more expensive there is always the option of a Business Interent account, no caps at present."
"I am aware of the business class, and that is actually what I WAS going to get after this contract was up, but darnit it is the principle of the matter now! I signed a contract to guarantee I would not have caps, and they broke that. They refuse to respond back (I have sent a mail to that e-mail) and when I call they always tell me they ""lost the recording"" or ""can't access those recordings"".
 
I am getting jerked around, hung up on, and no responses in forums. My BBB complaint has gone unanswered and I have submitted ANOTHER complaint today. I am not asking for free stuff, money back, etcetc, I want what my contract was for, or I want my contract gone."
"I know what you mean. When I first got the Internet service with Comcast I came from my local phone company.
I asked if the service was unlimited and told ""yes"" ( over 4 years ago). This was just after Comcast defined the 250GB cap but it still wasn't out in writing, even to the Comcast staff in offices. In fact when I found out about the cap I mentioned it to the local office staff and they acted like I was wrong."
"If Comcast implements data caps on my internet then I will use ADBLOCKER 100% of the time.
I will not have advertisements and embedded video that I care nothing about going against my usage.
Comcast is just as bad as the Airlines that try to nickle and dime their customers to death."
"These data caps are a transparent attempt to control those of us who have elected to drop Comcast cableTV and stream our entertainment directly from the internet.
 
Comcast has seen the handwriting on the wall, consistently losing cableTV customers for years as people rebel against their drastic twice-a-year pricing increases and electing to either cut the cord, or go with another TV provider, frequently keeping Comcast HSI because, quite franky, broadband competion and choice is sadly lacking in many areas of the country, and Comcast wants to keep it that way.
 
Comcast lobbies Congress to keep this lack of competition as a viable business model, as well as supporting political candidates who drink their kool-aid with PAC and direct candidacy donations. They also directly fight any local municipality or government attempts to build out a fiber project:and offer faster, unlimited internet access at much cheaper rates."
"go ahead, comcast. Go ahead. Implement a cap.  You will immediately violate net neutrality principles.
 
I will go to our AG's as fast as I can, followed by the press, followed by dropping comcast forever.
 
That is what will happen here. 
 
If you think you can pull stuff like this: http://www.dslreports.com/shownews/Comcast-Users-Neutral-to-Slightly-Positive-About-Usage-Caps-12646... 
 
and claim people are even remotely lukewarm about the idea? You are outright being dishonest.  Nobody wants usage caps, comcast benefits 100% and the customers lose 100%."
Data caps are not new. There has been a data cap at Comcast since 2009. They actually raised the cap from 250 to 300GB and gave consumers a way to go over the cap w/o getting their service cut off. The new plan is not generous enough as far as I'm concerned, but it's hardly a criminal case to take to the AG. 
Unbelievedly ridiculous. I havent been with Comcast too long but they're service appealed to me, despite the slighter higher prices. With everyone streaming music/videos/shows these days as their main form of entertainment (forgoing TV subscriptions), how can Comcast justify this? What we already pay for now gives us unlimited. Now Comcast is saying--well, your money is not good enough for unlimited so we'll keep you paying the same rate you are now, take away unlimited and cap it, and then CHARGE you extra when you go over your limit!!! Comcast--I will go elsewhere. Period. I hope youre listening to your customers.
I just got my email saying they are capping us here in the ATL area.. I am NOT HAPPY!  300gb is beans and this is TOTAL robbery and bullying!
"Comcast was never unlimited, they had a data cap in place since late 2008. The prior data cap was 250GB and considered a soft cap. Generally wasn't enforced unless someone really abused the system from other reports.
From what I have seen looking at other providers many seem to have some sort of cap in place. My brother has Charter and they have a 250GB cap. And when you hit that they supposedly throttle his download speed after the cap is exceeded.
Just look closely at the other providers is all I am saying."
"I am in one of the new test markets as well.  I have Blast service.  Now that service comes with a 300GB cap. 
 
I have a family of four; a wife and two teenage children.  We rarely watch broadcast TV.  The majority of our entertainment comes from the Internet.  Netflix, Youtube, Social media and gaming.  Our last three months have been between 400GB and 700GB a month.  If my calculations are correct I will be roughly doubling my Internet bill.
 
Why would I pay $70 a month for a service where I have to pay more by the middle of every month?  To answer this, I won't.  I will change service providers yet again.  $140 a month for Internet service is crazy regardless of how much bandwidth I use.  Other countries do not have usage caps and pay less per month than we do.
 
I have to say that I am severely disappointed with Comcast.  I moved to Comcast to get away from the poor service that AT&T has in my area.
 
I suppose as much as I hate to do it, I will have to go back to AT&T.  Even though the service is dirt slow at least they aren't trying to money grub with data caps."
"I'm in the same situation..   
 
My monthly usage is roughly 400 gb - that's three people, each playing Netflix and doing their own thing. Comcast has totally screwed over the people who actually use their service. I already pay $70 for internet.. How is it possible that data can be that expensive? 
 
I think a class action lawsuit is in the works again.. Comcast violates net neutrality and now they are gougeing a resource that is common in today's society.  Data is only going to become more prevalent as we download more things and use more online services..  metering this into execessive rates means they are going to be hurting all of us. Imagine when  4k televisions become popular in a couple of years and a movie on netflix requries  4-5 gb of data to download or a Youtube video becomes 1gb. 
 
You have two kids, each watch 100+ videoes a month - there goes your data.. "
"Vote for google fiber to come to where Comcast lives. Nothing like competition to get overpaid execs back in line.
 
See AT&T vs Google fiber in Austin, AT&T went from 10mpbs to 1Gbps overnight and no limits"

"Dear Comcast,
 
This is in response to an email from you on 11/07/2013 about this new trial data plan in my area where you're offering a base 300GB cap and then charging $10 extra for 50GB blocks of data over that and so on.  I don't want this to come off as me seeming outraged, but rather frustrated, disappointed, and simply tired.  I will be civil in this post, but please don't take this as me being content with this trial by any means.
 
The email states that 300GB is enough for most homes and that this $10 extra charge for 50GB blocks of data over that as a flexible option.  Here's my problem with this notion.  My household has just two members, my wife and myself and we utilize many Internet-based services between the two of us with a heavy focus on video and gaming.  While the previous trial was going on where there was no data cap, we were using between 400GB - 500GB of data a month and I can only imagine that this would be even higher if we were a family of four with kids using these servers.  I've had other Comcast customers tell me just that and I just can't understand where this low number came from where the previous cap was 250GB and after all the evaluating during the cap-free trial we're only getting an extra 50GB before being upsold on additional data.
 
I can't help but feel this is more of the result of certain figure heads and organizations out there who are urging cable companies to keep data caps in place as a money-grab (you know who I'm talking about) instead of giving customers what they want.  I understand you have to make money here and I get that, I really do, but these artifical data caps are getting out of control and you're missing the biggest money-grab of all....really really really happy customers.  When you give customers what they want, you not only get money, you also get customers with goodwill toward Comcast and they will spread that to all their friends and family which in turn gets Comcast more money.
 
Consider the below alternative data plans that could have come out of the cap-free trial:
A 300GB base cap at 20MB down for customers who actually don't use a lot of data and upsell them the $10 extra for blocks of 100GB of data instead of 50GB.  This could be the lowest priced plan.
A 450GB base cap at 40MB down for customers who use more data and upsell them the $10 extra for blocks of 100GB of data.  This could be the mid-level plan.
A no-cap plan at 50+MB down for power customers.
Or how about no caps for anyone and you simply charge more for different tiers of speed instead.
Granted, the last option would be the most favorable for most of us but either option here is better than what I'm seeing in this new trial.  It also would show that Comcast is aware of the change that is coming with more and more services going online with things like digital next-gen gaming, more content streaming services (including 4K), etc. and say, ""We're on your side, here are some options for all the different flavors of customers we have out there!""  What I'm seeing with this trial says, ""We see this coming change in Internet use and we're going to charge you for it."" 
 
As it stands now, my wife and I are paying around $80 a month for 50+MB down with these artifical caps and now stand to be charged over $100 a month with this new trial.  Meanwhile, other areas of the country are starting to get close to 1GB down speeds for this $80 monthly price with no data caps with other companies and even local governments in some cases.  Fair warning Comcast, if you keep listening to these figure heads and organizations urging you to keep these artifical data caps (again, you know who I'm talking about), then over time you're going to find yourselves in the same boat BlockBuster is in now when they resisted change so stubbornly when the Netflix model came out.  And just like with BlockBuster, customers will remember how Comcast is treating them now with this Internet service and when everything does change and Comcast is finally trying to get onboard, it won't matter because customers will be so jaded with these bad memories that we won't be coming back no matter what.  If this new trial turns out to be the new finalized plan in 2014, then I will be one of those customers.  Now is the time to stop this from happening Comcast.....right now."
"""Comcast has the largest caps out there.""
 
Nope, Google fiber has no caps 1GB up and 1GB down, allows personal servers and is 70 bucks a month.
 
Comcast continues going forward with this cap limit B$ they might not like the end result.
 
Those limits and existing bandwith provided by the ISP Oligopoly is cutting into future revenues for Google. Google will go full force with their existing google fiber implementation and comcast does not want that."
"alfnator wrote:
""Comcast has the largest caps out there.""
 
Nope, Google fiber has no caps 1GB up and 1GB down, allows personal servers and is 70 bucks a month.
 
If Google Fiber was available in more than .01% of the country, you might have a point. "
"Just my two cents: Comcast like other company's use the caps as a way to get a bigger bottom line. One other reason may be there system is out dated, and not wishing to upgrade. We must let comcast know that we do not like the new caps. The post here will most likely will go unnoticed by comcast.
You may wish to try email. 
 
we_can_help@cable.comcast.com
 

Also you may wish to try Facebook and Twitter. Comcast is there 24/7."
Thanks for the info Bill!  I tried searching all over the Comcast site for an email address to contact them and only came up with forums and offers to chat.  I'll definitely be emailing them as well as hitting them up on Twitter.  If neither of those get noticed, I'll also try old fashion snail mail with the address they have in the email.
I was averaging below 200 mb before the cap went into effect. Now I'm 532 in October and just went over 300 three days ago for November. Something fish going on here
Why are some "Prime" items NOT given the option for the free 2-day shipping? Only the "standard" shipping is available.
Could be size or weight. Maybe something that has to be shipped by ground, not air. Just a guess.
Hazardous items must be shipped ground as well.
I ordered a latex dog toy, that was described as a 6 inch spiny ball, and the ball that I received today was identical but only a 2.5 inch ball. I would like to have a phone contact number to rectify this problem, or else email me the information how to return this item for a refund on my account.
What happens when you use the Return or Exchange Items button on Your Orders page? How long ago did you get the item?
I ordered a Buxton Black Cigarette case and received a Urban Express Sandra Framed Wallet Pewter, I have been trying to get a return label to send it back but when I hit continue it takes me back to the order page, I just received my order today, where do I go from here,
I followed the instructions for deleting a book from my library, It is gone from there but still on my Kindle screen and can be opened again.
Yes, because deleting a book from your library does not remove it from your Kindle. It just makes it impossible for you to download again if you do remove it from your Kindle. To delete a book from your Kindle: If you have a touch-screen device press on the book cover until the menu pops up and tap "Remove from device" or "Move to Archived Items". If you have a 5-way controller select the book, right click, and select "Remove from device"
Thank you very much, your directions worked like a champ
I wanted to order the movie BLAZING SADDLES Hard copy not for my kindle instant video. I don't know what to do now. It was going to be a gift I don't want it on my kindle.
Click the "Contact Us" button on this page and ask Customer Service if they can help you.
Help! Not sure what happened, but I can't watch Amazon videos on my iPad. It gives me an error message that says sthg about my internet connection being through an HTTP proxy. I upgraded to iOS6 yesterday and have a Time Machine that works as a router - don't know if either of those actions has anythg to do with this problem.... Help! I don't know what to do!
Mine is working fine. I just tested it and I also have iOS 6. I've got the apple router as well. Try deleting the Amazon app from your iPad and then re-download it. It may have gotten corrupted somehow
I'm so sorry to hear about the problems with this! I've passed your information to our technical team so they can take a look into this for you. Can you please post back with the following information: 1. What movie are you trying to watch when you get this error? 2. What is the firmware version of the Amazon Instant Video App? 3. Are you able to open the App at all? 4. Can you view your video library? 5. Can you view other web content on your device? I know this is a lot of information, but knowing this will help us track down the issue. I look forward to hearing back.
I was finally able to fix this! A coworker told me to go to to Settings - WiFi and then just click to turn off the HTTP Proxy, which was on Auto. It did the trick, and now I can access the Amazon Instant Videos. Thank you very much!
Hay can you go into more detail under setting and wifi I have no proxy settings but I get the same message
Have you had a chance to contact our Amazon Instant Video team, Samuel? They'll be able to answer your questions and provide real-time troubleshooting if needed. Here's a link to put you in touch with them: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/digital-video. Feel free to post back if you have any other questions!
Thanks for saving me the headache... Worked like a charm;)
I got on Amazon this morning, and all of my wish lists have disappeared, including the ones of family/friends that I'm watching. Has anyone else had this problem? Will they come back or are they gone for good?
I also cannot access my wish lists currently
Yes, mine have also! All my Kindle books, music, etc. are GONE! I'm going to try to call Amazon.
mine are all gone too. if anyone knows anything, keep us posted
Mine's gone too, but I'm not panicking quite yet. I say give it an hour or two. If it's not up by then, I'll begin to worry
Tracing shows package was delivered several days ago, but we did not receive it. What do we do?
Wallace, First check with the delivery company. If you don't have any success there, then check with Amazon customer service by using the "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page.
Click the "Contact Us" button you should see on this page and talk to Customer Service.
I would keep prime if I had an inkling that Amazon is working on getting video to my Samsung galaxy note!!! I have loved Amazon for many years and I would hate to have to go to another service just because they don't have the ability to stream videos to note!!
If you have the Flash Player and a Flash-compatible browser (like Firefox) installed on the Galaxy, switch the browser to desktop mode and you can view AIV from the website. It's not an elegant solution, but it should work for you until AIV get off their collective butt and make a proper 'Droid app
Amazon, you suck. I'm writing this from a Kindle, so yes I have video access from here. But why not on my Samsung phone? I could use my roommate's iPhone or iPad, though? Logic: heard of it? Unrelated: the native Kindle keyboard and dictionary sucks. This took forever to type... -.- smh
Can I add my laptop to be one of the devises used for linking to my Kindle library
How to delete books from history more than one at a time?=
You can't. 
If I loan out a book how long do they have to keep it, and if it is not used within a certain amout of time is it returned to my kindle account. I am asking this because I lent out a book last week and I got an email this morning stating the book has been returned and the person I lent it to told me she didn't read it yet and she did not return it?????
she has 7 days to accept the loan if it is not accepted it returns to you. After she accepts the loan she has 14 days to read the book. If the loan was not accepted you can resend it to her.
How do I find out memory left on kindle cloud space?
"Amazon provides unlimited space to you for the books, music, and apps you purchase from them. Now if you are talking about the Cloud Drive here is a help page
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=help_search_1-6?ie=UTF8&nodeId=200557340&qid=1397654435&sr=1-6 "
Thanks much for quick & informational comments!
Some of the words on a page have missing letters, or phrases are jumbled. How can I fix this?
Hey maureen - Is this happening in the Amazon Cloud Drive or on a Kindle Book? I'd delete the file or book and upload or re-download a refresh copy to see if this helps correct this. If you need steps on how to do that, post back and let me know where you see this. If it's on a Kindle device or app, which one of these is it: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=200127470 
I have a gift card balance and I would like to purchase an item that costs more than the balance. Can I use the gift card balance and my credit card on file for the difference? Thank You
Yes you can, that has been my experience.
I don't have a problem. I just wanted to let you know that my wetsuit pants arrived on the 14th April. I was truly amazed at the speed of my delivery. Just wanted to say thank you.
Ildiko, you're talking to other customers on a public forum. I'm sure Amazon would love to hear that, though; you can reach them via the "Contact Us" button next to your post.
How do I stop Amazon from keeping my credit card number on file?
Also, I have a Kindle but do not want to use one-click when ordering books.
You have to use one-click to order Kindle books. Digital purchases are one-click only.
How do I stop Amazon from keeping my credit card number on file for other purchases?
Remove the card. There is little to fear though.
Hi, If i buy a movie that says it comes as "Blu-ray / dvd + digital copy" does that mean I will receive an actual dvd hard copy I can put in my home dvd player, AND ALSO receive a "digital copy" that I can download to my home computer, iPad, or other tablet? Thanks for your help.
Yes, you will receive the physical DVD as well as a digital copy
so anytime I use my phone it over heats, when I plug it in to charge it there cannot be any case and I have to have a fan on my phone to get it to charge and not over heat? I just got this phone. This is the second one ive had and its doing the same thing? why and how do I fix it?
so anytime I use my phone it over heats, when I plug it in to charge it there cannot be any case and I have to have a fan on my phone to get it to charge and not over heat? I just got this phone. This is the second one ive had and its doing the same thing? why and how do I fix it?
apple charger, and my last iphone 4 did this as well I went to the apple store they gave me a new iphone 4 its only been 2 weeks and its happening to this new phone? what is going on?
Does it always overheat when charging or just when in the case?
always, case or no case
However, after a while, the iPhone 4 went into recovery mode (http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1808) and I attempted to restore it on iTunes 11.1. The problem is that when the "iPhone Software Update" file finishes downloading, iTunes gives me the notification that my "iPhone is in recovery mode. You must restore this iPhone before it can be used with iTunes." all over again.
Update: I left iTunes going as I typed this out, and it gave me the error of "There was a problem downloading the software for the iPhone "iPhone". The netwrok connection timed out. Make sure your network settings are correct and your network connection is active, or try again later."
Yep, exact same thing is happening to me aswell.
This is absurd, my phone has been down for nearly six hours becasue it can't activate
I have the same issue.  Now I can't even get my phone connected to iTunes.  Way to screw us over Apple.
I have the same issue.  Now I can't even get my phone connected to iTunes.  Way to screw us over Apple.
When I got onto my iTunes on there, it said it's going to do a different software install, so this should be exciting.
Either way, I would appreciate the use of my phone and if there's anyone out there with any words of wisdom, it'd be highly appreciated!
he same thing is happening with mine. Stuck on the screen with iTunes logo and USB cable. iTunes tells me it needs to be restored when I connect. Error message shortly after telling me network connection timed out. Anyone have a solution?!
I have the same problem as well 
FIXED!!!!  For me anyway, and I hope for you! So  I tried to update to ios 7 and after downloading the software itunes  tried to update my iPad 3.  I recieved the error 3004 and was stuck in  the "Connect to iTunes" screen and could not get out of it.  Completely  annoyed! But  then I remembered something from when I used to fiddle with iphones.  I  opened a program I had called TinyUmbrella, which can be used to force  boot out of recovery mode (the "connect to itunes" screen).
Another thing, since your ipad is back on 6.1.3 are all your data still there, such as sms, contacts, application (scores and achievements), and especially photos?
I posted it in some other similar threads today and have had three people reply that it worked for them too, and nobody so far saying it hasn't worked.  And yes, everything was still on my iPad; contacts, web bookmarks, all photos, nothing was changed.  It just didn't update to iOS 7.  After I got it working again I just used wifi and upgraded to iOS 7 over the air with no problems, using it as I type this.  If you're still stuck, trying this will not endanger anything at all on your device.  Worth a try at least, and I'm guessing it'll work for you too.  Good luck!
Josette,  also, here's a thread with people saying it worked for them too.
Second page of the thread.
Any ideas how to fix it?
The power button (top right of iPhone)  is used to lock the iphone and power it down.
If I try to lock it by pressing the power button it takes a screen pic...and I am not pressing the home button!
I suggest you restore it and see what happens.
Iforgot my IPhone passcode what can i do?
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1212 for forgotten passcode.
My iphone 4S will not load my photos to my macbook, its done this in the past (yesterday) but will not do it today way?
Pictures taken with an iPhone can be copied off the device to the computer as would be done with any digital camera.  If having an issue with importing photos from the digital camera onto a Mac, post to the appropriate Mac forum.
for some reason it sounds like iphoto isnt launching and detecting the iphone assuming thats how you were doing. it.  Play with iphoto and see if you can get it to work.  or reboot the mac and perhaps the reboot will set things strait.
i dropped my i phone 4s and the screen went black but it will still vibrate when i get text messages and when i press the silent button. is there any way to fix this?
Everyone I call can't hear me, I can hear them they can't hear me.  Have been back to wireless carrier 3 times.
I tried calling Apple care, but they want the serial number for the old phone, which...wait for it...I don't have anymore !!
Ask the Galaxy vendor or tech support for assistance. It's not an Apple product.
t's a Galaxy Product, but it's an Apple problem ! I've been told by EVERYONE - ATT & Samsung that this is an APPLE problem !
No doubt. Why should they admit it's their problem. If it is something to do with your phone not being properly reset by you before trading it in, then really it's your problem.
Sorry Kappy, I don't want to be rude, but I need someone who is going to actually help me with my issue and not give me sarcastic responses.
Sorry Kappy, I don't want to be rude, but I need someone who is going to actually help me with my issue and not give me sarcastic responses.
With all those Google pages I'm surprised you haven't found this so-called solution. Good luck.
Unfortunately, you did NOT do eveything correctly. You neglected to turn off iMessage before you traded in your phone.
Recently got a Note 3 myself and having the same issues with 7.0 users. I've tried everything as well including turning off iMessage on my old device. I have it right here and I'm still not getting my messages though I've  changed my email on id, removied iphone from devices on id and changed password.
I don't understand how some can argue it's a user fault for not signing out of iMessage before getting rid off an iPhone, but this tops the most rediculous issue - if I wipe the phone clean it asks me for my Apple ID and password, should it sign you out of iMessage and FaceTime at that time automagically? Apparently not....
Contact apple support if you have done the steps in this artic;e and provide them with this article.
OMG I'm having the same issue.
Contact AppleCare and they can solve this issue for you
I have had the same issues, I un-checked iMessage in my old iPhone, hard reset my iPhone, removed my phone number from my Apple ID account and changed my password. That didn't work, so I called Apple Support and they said that it showed that iMessage was deactivated and that I should reset my password one more time...So, I did that, waited 48 hrs (per Apple Support), and still can't receive texts from friends with iOS7 update on their phones. I tested it with two friends, and both of their text messages went into an Apple iMessage void. I hardly think that this is a Galaxy issue or @rosenbellas problem. I don't have a Galaxy, I have an LG and there seems to be zero solutions for this ridiculous update oversight. It's like Apple's way of punishing people for switching from the iPhone to an Android phone.
I bought a samsung note 3 as well and I'm having the same issues.  I have followed everyones advice, Im just wondering if i have to shut the imessage off on my ipad as well?  i dont use it for txting so My imessage isnt on but would this still make my samsung not get messages from iphones?
This is so irritating. I have done everything that has been suggested it has been over 45 days and i still have the same issue. I have called Apple, they are useless. Is this some scam to switch back to an iphone? SO MAD.
I have had the same issue. I just found out how to fix it. I went into my wife's iPhone and deleted my contact info and put it back in. And made sure to put mobile next to the number. Now I am able to receive her texts and pictures. Her I message is still on so she can still use that feature. I went thru everything trying to fix it. I turned off my imessage and deregistered my phone and nothing worked until I did that in her contacts
ssschmidt: Your solution worked for my problem...thank you!
You are the rude one here.  You appear both condescending and unhelpful.  This is a legitimate problem for many people that Apple has yet to propery address and solve.  Your bias and bizarre Apple fanaticism is probably why you responded so passive-aggresively in an attempt to defend Apple from doing any wrong. 
I have messages that I delete and after I delete them my Phone over heats and shuts off when I turn it back on the messages I deleted come back. What can I do to delete these messages and not have my phone shut down
"Try doing a few at a time, instead of the whole bunch.
 
Sounds like you may have an enormous amount of them, which is causing the internal database to reindex longer than usual and cause your phone to heat up.
 
I've seen this happen - just do one conversation at a time and let the phone sit for a while before trying to use it agian.   Such as at night before bed."
I Can't download any apps all of a sudden, free or paid any advice out there.
Why did all my contacts delete? And how do I get them back?
Hello everyone, I have an Apple account, and a few days ago I bought a game (plague) to 0.99 €, and it was the first time. Now that I want to download a free game tells me that I have to put the credit card, and makes me every time. why? you can avoid this? sorry for my english, but I'm Italian. hello thanks
For some reason Apple requires that we "purchase" free apps for zero charge. If it is free, you won't be charged.
"This may have  been posted before, if so I apologize for the repeat. I usually skip over the stain removal posts b/c I can't find the ingredients posted.

 Someone posted this one on FB today. It's just Dawn, peroxide, and baking soda.  They had it as a mixture but i just poured a little of each on two different spots on two items today.  I had already tried shout, fels naptha, dawn alone, and the stain removal that comes with Dryel. They didn't budge.  I let them soak, rubbed it in, and let them set about 2 hours.  

Stains are gone.  No sign of them.

If you are like my husband and you have to measure everything, it's

1 tsp. Dawn dishwashing detergent
3-4 tablespoons of hydrogen peroxide
couple tablespoons of baking soda.

Scrub on with a brush. "
Hi all,  I have a buyer who wrote me a message stating she found a purse she likes better than the one she bought from me about 10 days ago so she wants to return it.  Is Ebay going to side with her????  She has opened a case.  What do you reccommned I do?
"Tell her to return it and you'll refund her payment upon receipt.
 
Did the purse listing carry the same 14-day return policy that you offer on your current listings?  If so, she can return for any reason. 
 
If not, she can claim the purse is SNAD, and try her luck with eBay.  EBay finds in the buyers favor 99% of the time.  And you don't want to risk her damaging the purse just to qualify it for a SNAD, right? "
My screen is broken on my Kindle and I am wondering if I can move my content from the Kindle to my PC?
Yes, check this "Transfer Files Via USB"
I have a I pad. And I would like to know if I can download a book from amazon to this Apple I pad ?
Yes. Install the free Kindle app from iTunes on the iPad and register it to your Amazon account. Then if you buy a Kindle book you'll see it in the Cloud view on that app and be able to tap on it to download and read it.
Does Amazon restock any of their clothing items? I saw a pair of True Religion jeans, but my size was sold out!
Yes, Amazon restocks all their products on a regular basis. Because I'm only a customer, I can't give you a time frame for restocking. I suggest bookmarking the Product Page and checking back from time to time.
Can you please add a "tall" choice in the search functions for the women's clothing department? There is a petite selection. There are just as many tall women as there are short women.
"General comments and suggestions for the website can be submitted at https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/features-and-services.html
... they'll be forwarded to the most appropriate team.

However! I've picked up that clothing team here is a very separate team and one they've put much emphasis into, lately. Based on how the other departments work - like instant videos or the cloud player - I'm convinced there must be a specific link or email address for the clothing team that this might be best directed towards. 

I haven't personally seen it, yet, but if I dig around a bit I *might* find one (although really hoping maybe a moderator out there see this and happens to know it and share...I'd kinda like to know it :)"
I ordered a bracelet for my girl friend for valintiens day and when I opened the box there was nothing in it. What do I do?
You can reach Customer Service through the orange CONTACT US button to the right. I suggest Call or Chat for the best service.
I was charged sales tax on clothing. I live in Pennsylvania where there is no sales tax on clothing. What's up with this. Is Amazon just keeping this money???
"We ordered clothing for our toddler, and received a package with a dead roach inside a LeveretTurtleneck Body Suit package for a toddler.

It is utterly disgusting that there would be so little care, concern and quality control by Amazon that dead insects are sent in toddler's clothing, plus millions of dead insect eggs.

Who is responsible Leveret or Amazon"
"A roach in a warehouse? Say it isn't so...

It's difficult to tell where the roach originated from as the package has probably changed hands several times. I highly doubt anyone would be held legally responsible for such a thing either. It's not like anyone in the supply chain could reasonably prevent something like this 100 percent of the time."
I am trying to rent a few different textbooks but it is not letting me place the order all at once. What am I doing wrong?
Hey M. Shields! You'll have to rent the textbooks individually, by clicking "Rent Now" on each book you want to rent. They won't be added to the Shopping Cart, so you'll have to go through the rental process a few times.
This is not a good "feature" to have in your textbook world. I need to order about 10 books. I have to go through the process 10 times? Not worth the trouble...going somewhere else.
Is there any plan to have college textbooks be available for download on the kindle?
I believe there are some available. It is really up to the publishers to provide them. You might find a discussion on this topic in the Kindle Forum. There is a link to it at the bottom of every page under Amazon Forums.
"Oooh, you must not be a Student Prime member yet. I highly recommend looking into that if you can. As a student member, I get the front page of Amazon advertising their quickly growing collection of textbooks available here:

http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Textbooks/b/ref=amb_link_368318542_2?ie=UTF8&node=2223210011&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=center-1&pf_rd_r=0PKR0PPP8T3PGJVWXH0N&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=1451304082&pf_rd_i=507846

Not everything, yet - but probably soon one day!"
How do I return textbooks through amazon?
Your Account>Manage Textbook Rentals
Amazon has now cancelled 2 different textbook orders on me in the last 2 weeks. on the first order, rather than notifying me right away that the book was out of stock and the order couldn't be filled, they waited 10 days to tell me!! this was AFTER i'd received notification that it had shipped. the other book order, they *only* waited 2 days to notify me that they didn't have the book. however, it would be 3-5 days before my refund would be processed and i could have my money back! As all grad students know, 2 days can make or break a grade and if you don't have the text, the professor isn't going to wait for you to get it! DO NOT ORDER YOUR TEXTBOOKS FROM HERE!!
do not rent textbooks from amazon. they will rip you off. returned textbook 6 weeks before the deadline and in perfect condition. charged credit card 220 dollars saying textbook was damaged. check out other posts about apex textbook rental. again do not rent textbooks from amazon
I just wanted to know what happens to my package if no one is home to receive it? I wouldn't like it to be left with one of my neighbors, but would they leave it at the front door?
When in doubt, leave a note on the front door.
Jonathan's right. I lived on Capitol Hill in DC for many years. Sometimes they'd leave packages, sometimes they wouldn't. It is at the discretion of the driver whether he feels it's safe or not. If I knew a package was coming and wanted to be sure, I just left a note to leave with the neighbor's nanny. That always worked for me
How do I look up someone's baby registry on amazon.com?
If you click on the arrow next to Wish List to the upper right, one of the options will be to find a wish list or registry. You will be asked for the person's name or email address.
I am interested to purch a baby monitor, which is the best?
"Sara, I'm not sure we can recommend a baby monitor for you.
I've had very good luck reading reviews on Amazon. The more reviews the better--I'd trust a monitor with 4.5 stars and 1,200 reviews over a 5 star monitor with 10 reviews. 
Something else to look at would be the list of best-selling baby monitors:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/bestsellers/baby-products/166870011/

There are other things in that list, like child locators, so be sure the item you buy does what you want it to do."
I have three cousins who bought me some books for me for my baby shower. They had it shipped to me. Several of the books are duplicates to ones that I got from a store. Is it possible to return these books back to Amazon? I feel bad asking the cousins to return them since it was such a sweet gesture. Thanks in advance!
click the link to the right of this screen for RETURN OR REPLACE ITEMS and there is an option there to return a gift.
If I order baby nursery bedding, will I be able to return it if I open it? It says baby items can't be opened. I want to be able to feel the material and match the colors.
Since you did not provide a link to the item I don't know what the specific restrictions are. If it says it cannot be returned if opened, then it cannot be returned if opened. If you aren't sure this product is what you want you should buy it somewhere that will let you touch it before buying. 
 received a box of Gerber 3rd Foods Bananas, packed 12 in a carton and I got 4. Another box had two 12 packs of Sweet Potatoes. The entire box is damaged with broken jars. I understand these items are not returnable but how do I get a refund?
Click the "Contact Us" button on the right. Customer Service will take care of this for you.
I am trying to find a baby registry for a friend. When I search under either of the parents names, it comes up with nothing. I was given a link to the registry so I know that it exists listed as Jane Doe and John Smith but the search will not find either name. I need to know what name to tell shower invitees that they can search under. I can't exactly put a "link" on a printed invitation. Why is this so hard to use on Amazon?
I recommend reaching out to our Customer Service team so they can help you out with this. To contact them, click the yellow "Contact Us" button to the right of this thread. They're available anytime by phone, e-mail, or chat.
It sounds like your friend has set "Permissions" to "Shared" so no one will be able to see it unless they have a link. That's why searching on Amazon won't find it. Many people have stopped making their Wish Lists public because of identity theft, etc. Did you try the link? It should have worked. As Crystal said, you can also contact Customer Service for help if needed.
I want to buy a video baby monitor as a gift for a friend but am concerned about the return policy. If she tries it and doesn't like it, can she still return it?
If you order it as a gift it will come with a gift receipt that will allow her to return it for credit on a gift card.
My iPod won't let me listen to my music when my headphones are not plugged in can u please help my fix this problem
i was wondering if you`ve sloved your problem because i have the same problem with my ipod 5
 When I play videos I downloaded to the Home Video folder on internal speaker, the volume is only half as loud as before the update.  Works fine on headset and all other apps, just the video app is not pumping volume. 
i have the same problem, and apple support duplicated the problem on their device.
How do I clean a Griffin Survivor screen protector? I could only find how to take if off and it's getting dirty enough that I'm really annoyed when I play games or watch videos because it's kind of blurry.
I would like to know how to
"Contact Apple Support:
 
https://getsupport.apple.com/GetSASO?PRKEYS=PF3&locale=en_US"
How to download iOS 7?
If you have an iPod Touch 5th generation, while on WiFi go to Settings > General > Software Update and proceed to update.If you have the 4th generation or older you cannot update to iOS 7.
Will Apple support facetime and imessage in Ipod though 5.1.1 ?
it use to but i dont think it does anymore.  However, you can use Facetime from an upgraded OS phone to 5.1 but not from 5.1 to 5.1.
my music is missing, titles and album art is there
I have lots of music on my iPod that I would like to have on my iPhone and iPad. How do I sync all the music?
Assuming the music was synced from the computer to the iPod, you just sync the same way, from the computer to the iPhone and computer to the iPad.
for a verizon phone, why is call forwarding setting different and you have to go to their website...really annoying and dumb...ATT's setting is much better coz it is in the phone settings itself…
That is a carrier issue, it has nothing to do with the iPhone. Many settings are different between Verizon (CDMA) and AT&T (GSM).
I purchased the in app gems twice but only one went through. So I bought two but it only gave me but I still paid for 2
"ITUNES SUPPORT BILLINGS etc
http://www.apple.com/emea/support/itunes/contact.html  or   https://expresslane.apple.com/Issues.action"
iPhone not seen in source list on iTunes
how to play 3GP files on iphone4?
You need to convert them to a file the iPhone supports, mp4, and .mov file formats are probably your best bet.
I restored my iphone to factory the email i used to set it up i dont use anymore how do i activate my phone without that email
See Here > Apple ID: Contacting Apple for help with Apple ID account security
i am facing an issue for last several days, my iphone is not charging properly it stuck on aroung 50%. what should i do to correct this issue ?
I just contacted Apple support and they sent me an article about the issue.  The tech admitted he had had the problem himself and took it to an Apple store and it was fixed for free.
Could you provide us a link to the article, or cut and paste it here?
My guess is this is the link:http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1476
Hi ! My MacBook Pro 13' 2011 shuts down every time at 16% of the battery. I have no text before which shows that the computer will turn off. After, It is not possible to switch it on without the plug. Is it the battery which is broken ? 
Safari randomly stopped working so I'm on my iPhone trying to find a solution. I've found I can download it again through the terminal app but all the other discussions are outdated and those forms of safari won't work. Any suggestions?
So I have a 1st gen Nano, about 2 days ago I entered the serial #, and it was eligible for the recall. So I decided to back up my songs before ordering a replacement. Today I entered it again, and it says it is not eligible. Did this program end?
Call AppleCare
Is it possible to transfer my play lists from my i-pod clasic to my new computer? If so how is it done?
I have tried the menue and select trick...no go.Help?!
I have recently changed pc's and my ipod does not sync. It goes through the connection process and is visible in Itunes. It also goes through the sync process but does not down load new music. Any ideas?
My old computer is damaged beyond repair. How can I get my music from my ipod onto a new computer so I can use Itunes?
I did not mean to put iPod touch. It is a classic 120gb
Looks like the hard drive in my iPod Classic is corrupt as iTunes recognizes 0GB  and cannot restore it. Is there anyway to repartition & reformat the iPod's hard drive to get around this?
new ipad mini when new ios 7 is installed message is coming estimating time remaining - but nothing happens and also couldn't stop download . what is the solution for this ipad 2
My iPad is having a problem in charging. It doesn't charge unless the battery is completely drained .. Whenever I try to charge when there's still a little bit battery left it doesn't charge . What should I do?
not all computers provide enough power from their usb ports to charge ipads use the ac charger
i forget my game centre email and password , can i switch the game clash of clans to a new game centre
Yes, but you'll most likely lose all progress.
I can not update my apps on my iPad
There is no sound
How can I get the necessary tools to make a custom spreadsheet? I need to be able to merge cells and set cell widths.
how do i keep this from happening once and for all?
how to i copy my xbox music to itunes?
My tab bar has been updated with my PC windows how can I fix that?
Hello, I'm trying to remove the bitdefender programme for mac from my mac.  I thought I had done so, but it keeps coming up on one of my kids user accounts.  Any tips of getting rid of the programme would be appreciated.
I've replaced my aging (2007) Mac with a new iMac.  Any suggestions on how I can delete all the user data from my old iMac before giving it to Apple to recycle?
I placed an order last night and the first attempt it told me that my payment information wasn't correct (I had to change my billing address, I recently moved and was using my new address instead of the one attached to my card) so I fixed it, and the order went through the second time. I check my bank account this morning and it says there are two pending charges for the order. How can I have this fixed?
I just received an email that my order was canceled due to an out of stock item. Of the items I purchased, a $1 body wash cap that went out of stock had my entire order canceled. Now the promo I had been so looking forward to that it was really the only reason I made a purchase that day, is of course sold out. I had specifically placed this order because I was so excited for the Guerlain Meteorites mini promo, only to completely miss out on it b/c of a $1 item!
I wanted to know if it's possible to only exchange the shade of an item I purchased online that was discounted 15% without losing th discount since it's th same item.  Thank you
Hi, I haven't been getting any Sephora emails for the past few months. I've tried everything! I already added sephora@sephora.shop.com to my address book and I only have one email I use for my sephora account. So what is going on? Please help! I don't want to miss out on any Sephora offers!
Why cant store credit be used online ? I dont understand, the money goes to Sephora regardless, and there are so many items that are online only. I know i cant be the only one that hates this, it makes me sooo mad becuase i hate going to store when i can place orders online from home. but then if i ever return something without a receipt i get stuck with store credit that just sits in my wallet forever. is sephora ever gonna change this ??
I bought a clarisonic about 3 weeks ago and I feel like its too harsh on my face and it made me get these red bumps all over my forehead there not even pimples just bumps. 
I placed an order on Monday and it still hasn't shipped. I just want to check to see if there's an issue because I need it by Friday because I'm going out of town. Thanks!
My order has been cancelled. Although the email said "because we were unable to confirm your payment information.", the customer representative said I have violate the term of use but he cant help to figure out which term of use I have violated and told me my order will be cancelled if I order again. Is there anyway I can find out what I have violated, so that I can order an item that is in-stock at this moment (it is out of stock most of the time)?
I have two pending charges on my card for the same order. Not sure what's happening here, but it would be bad if both those orders went through! Help!
I was just upgraded to VIB in store, but haven't registered online yet and when I did, I went back to beauty insider. How do I merge the two to the same email?
UPS shows my order was delivered on 4/9 and left in my front door, however I was at home all that day and did not get that package at all. What should I do now?
my last online order at amount around 60$ was cancelled due to lack of inventory, but I found that I have lost more than 100 points. what's going on there?
I can't reply to other users within a posted conversation... When I specifically click reply to ... the message I see is "Sorry, unable to complete the action you requested."
I replied to your private message yesterday and you haven't gotten back to me the problem still exist not only on my home computer but other PC's I've attempted to use.
I just ordered the bumble and bumble conditioner for $77.50, and after I clicked the accept button, there was an extra charge of $16.43 for "duties and taxes." Ignoring the fact that these charges showed as $0 on the previous page, why was I charged 22% for a product based in North America?
I made a purchase yesterday and it didn't show that I earned extra points for the "lashsanity" promo. Also, after my purchase I became a VIB Rouge yet whenever I log on it still says I'm a VIB and that I need to spend a certain amount of money to become a VIB Rouge. Help!
It says For your own security and protection, we have cancelled your order because we were unable to confirm your payment information. What do I do now?
Are there any vitamin sprays or creams to put on the face for anti-aging and just overall benefit?  I thought that bare minerals made a spray with vitamins but I can't seem to find it.  I am 34 years old, btw.  Thank you!
Hi, I am 28 (almost 29) years old, with dry skin (but not peeling). So far I have used the Clinique Dramatically Different Moisturizer and the Clinique All about eyes cream, and I am not impressed. I need something that moisturizes better, but is more natural, with less harsh ingredients. I am looking for a moisturizer and an eye cream. Possibly a face wash suggestion as well (I have used Clinique and Origins "Check and Balances" and both are super drying)
I have bad acne on my forehead. but only there i have tried almost every skin care product an none really work. HELP?!
I have a question do you still have the Sephora Press Kit: VIB Rouge. If so where can I get it?
I am 65, use very little mineral makeup. I have very fair skin. What blush/bronzer do you recommend so I don't look chalky.
Hi y'all! So I'm 27and want to update my night time skincare routine to include anti-aging products, but don't know where to start. I've heard that retinols are really good for anti-aging, but don't know which is best for my skin type.
I use benefit oxygen wow in hazelnut shade. What is the best shade for boi-ing concealer.
Do any of you know what a good product is that I could use to combine with my Smashbox Liquid Halo Foundation to help give a little more coverage on my forehead and around my nose? I have my MUFE Full Cover Concealer that I love to use on my zits but I need something to cover those other spots that need extra coverage. I also want something that helps me to achieve a natural flawless looking face. Thanx xoxo
I am 127 in make up forever HD foundation, what color would I be in kat Von D lock it tattoo foundation? I am two hours away from a store.
Hello, I have light skin with strong pink undertones and all the concealers for acne I've tried are way too yellow. Any advice? Looking particularly for stick concealers. Thank you!
I'm thinking about getting the Vita Liberata Phenomenal 2-3 week Tan Mousse but I'm unsure of what color to get. I'm debating between the medium and dark. I'm pretty fair skinned (MAC NW20 and 1C1 in Estee Lauder) so I don't want to go too dark and look crazy but I want to definitely look tan. You can see my skin color in my avatar if that helps.Does anyone use this and know just how dark the dark color is? It's pricey so I'm afraid to buy the medium color and it be just a hint of tan and feel like I wasted my money. However, I don't want to buy the dark and look ridiculous.
've been using this foundation for about a year, and I'm pretty happy with it, but I'm wondering if there is something better. I like a foundation that I can build, and I have very oily skin. Thanks for your help!
Im looking for some advice on how to even out skin tone and redness without covering up my freckles. Im really pale and I have fairly normal skin with some dryness around the nose on occasion. 
"Got a mail today that I had not payed my activation fee which is 39$ and this fee is under a diffrent account number and the number in there is linked to my att acount, which I checked my whole bill and that phone numbers due chargers and yet no bills are due everything is payed, letter says I have to pay or they will refer me to a third party collector and damage my credit. anyone know how I can pay this bill that I have no access to paying
"
"First my setup of the ATT Equipment:
ATT (2-Wire)U-Verse modem with Cisco_AP_ATT connected to it.  ATT U-Verse Wireless TV Reciever connects to the Cisco_AP_ATT device.
 
Additional Equipment.
Cisco ASA Firewall connected to ATT (2Wire) U-Verse modem.
DMZplus mode used pointing to the Cisco ATT Firewall.
 
Goal
Being able to connect back to my house when I travel to upload pictures.  Having family connect to upload/download photos.  All over SSL VPN.  (Think easy of use for non technical people).  I want to use port TCP/443 and not some other port.
 
Now if the Wireless U-Verese reciever and the Cisco_AP_ATT Access Point is removed, I delete the port forward policy setup for them, it all works as I expect it to.  I can use TCP/443.  Adding the AP and Reciever back in, 48 hours until the port forward policy is placed back by ATT management tools.  My impression of time and what is placing it.
 
I called ATT Uverse support and ATT Connect.  I went round and round on this issue with both parities (I think about 6 hours total), about TCP/443 being port forward and coming back even if it is deleted.  ATT Connect left me with the impression that they (at their Level 3) could not do anything further to help me.  ATT Uverse support basically left me with an impression that they couldn't do anything further to help me
 
I was left with the overall impression that since this was a consumer account, there was not anything that could be done.
 
My request is basically that they use a different port for the AP management.  And why are they using it to manage the AP, and why is the AP even being manged?  (If I delete it, things still work.  It just comes back.)
 
Reason I'm disappointed, neither party was willing to escalate the issue further to see if the mangement tools would be changed (I'm not the only one with this issue).  ATT Connect said they can't do anything further.  ATT U-Verse said it was out of policy go to ATT Connect.
 
I ended up with both parties on the phone at the same time.  Never received a good answer."
"I had a problem in August with my router and contacted AT&T for assistance the tech that spoke with me suggested that I needed a replacement router.  He told me that when the new one arrived to place the old one in the box and bring it to UPS and give them a numeric code and it would be shipped back at AT&T's expense.  I would see a charge for the new router on my bill but as soon as the old router was returned I would have a credit. 
 
The new router came and the old router was taken to UPS where they scanned the serial number took the code, printed a label and sent it off to AT&T.  Wow that was easy....NOPE!  I had a charge on my September bill and called to inquire about my refund.  They told me the router was never received.  WRONG!!! I have a tracking number that shows proof of delivery on September 4, 2013 at 10:25 A.M. at the dock in South Bend, IN and signed for by Debbie Martin.  I was then told it would be investigated and was given a ticket number 266201.  I never heard anything back.  My October bill came and still no refund. I called again and was told that my router was not received and when investigated they did not find it.
 
I told the agent that I don't care that AT&T lost the router I did what I was instructed to do and have proof of delivery therefore I was owe a refund.  She told me her supervisor would call me in 24 hours with a response after an investigation.  Now a week later no one called me.  I have had nothing but trouble with the customer service at AT&T and would not recommend them.  If I do not get my refund on the next statement I will shop for a new service and share my story with everyone I know.  This unacceptable and from the comments on the forum I see that poor customer service is a standard operating procedure.  I guess you have more business than you need.  I would appreciate an immediate remedy."
"About 2 weeks ago we began having issues with our high speed DSL.  Multiple devices...all have same problem.  This ALL HAPPENS AT NIGHT!!!! During the day I have NO problems at all!!!!!! 
 
Webpages load all messed up..... overlapped text, text all shoved to left hand side, no images, some images appear.... while there are some blue boxes with question marks in them. Some webpages say server not found and sometimes I get a message I am not connected to the internet....BUT I AM according to my router and according to the wifi bars on our devices.
 
Our connection also seems slower even though are speeds are where they should be.
 
If I run a SpeedTEst I am getting the speeds I should be.  I have talked to At&t several times now.  Tech came out yesterday and was baffled.  They can find nothing wrong. He said sounds like an interference from somewhere since it is only happening at night. 
 
NOW...if I cut off my wireless on my laptop and plug in to the cable I get the same problem.  THat should bypass any intereference...correct?
 
I am frustrated..... 
 
Anyone have any similar experiences....or an idea of what it could be????
 
Thanks
Debbie"
"Greetings!
i recently switched to u-verse and i have had very weak signals. The 2WIRE and RG are in my room but i do most of my work/gaming in another room. This room is around 20 feet away with a few walls in between so i dont expect the best signal but i cannot load a video or play a game to save my life. I have contacted friends with similar setups with possibly longer distances and their signal is perfect. I live in a condo and i pick up 3 other 2WIRE's higher or as strong as mine. I've already set a linksys as a repeater but before i integrate i would prefer some comfirmation that my equipement isnt faulty and these cases are normal."
"Your primary issue expect to be MDU (multi dwelling unit) where interference is occurring
Try using wifi analyzer or inSSIDer app to determine best non congestion channel and set RG manually.

Other options include moving RG or 50 foot Ethernet cable between RG and equipment (may need gig switch)
"
Hello, my remote doesn't work and when I tried to change the batteries, thought they were dead, the channels just kept changing. The only way it would stop is if I held down TV or put my hand in front of the remote. I now know the batteries weren't dead and something just might be wrong. I tried to reset it to factory setting and I can't really push any buttons because the channels are changing. I really hope you guys can help me because I already got a new remote and don't really want to buy a new one.
I have a samsung galaxy exhilerate that i bought from a friend. I just had it put on the 60.00 GOPhone plan. Well I cannot send or recieve pictures. I can send them to facebook, email etc but cannot in message form. I took phone to local ATT store....employee worked for an hour restting this and that (just one week after starting service) and she got it to send one picture and recieve one. I left happy and got to work two blocks away and wouldnt send or recieve anymore. She said they may have to do a "hard reboot" but i will lose everything I have on it. I am going crazy. I had a simple slider for 6 years and used straight talk for last three without any problems. I finally get a smart phone and this is happening. Any help out there for me?
I'm sitting in a bar in NYC and was surfing on the iPhone using 4 bars of LTE, all of the sudden all net access stoppped. Upon some investigation the phone (iPhone 5) had switches to a AT&T wifi signal, which had great signal strength and either zero network access or a bogus DNS server (I have an IP address). The only way to get access back was to turn off wifi and the phone, which is an imediate solution, but of course if I leave it off .... This has happened to me before. Does AT&T wifi and automated switching ever work?
"How long will I have access to a show once it's added to my queue?
"
"I use att.yahoo as my email.  However, if I am at another website and I click on their email adrdress to send an email I get a box wanting to open up MS Outlook., If the email address is visible, I click on it and copy/paste to att.yahoo email.  Sometimes the email address is concealed.
Any suggestions? 
Thanks
George"
"Per another thread (and various reports on around the net) the 4.3 update was live and then was pulled due to reported issues. For those of you that have upgraded, how's your battery life and are you experiencing any other problems?
 
 
 
Other thread with links to reports of it being pulled:
http://forums.att.com/t5/Android-Discussion-and-Support/Galaxy-s3-android-update-to-4-3/td-p/3818523
Me too"
"Those issues are  for the UK and Irish i9300 models which is way different than the SGH-I747 we have. I've been running the update for about 6 hours now and the update is very reliable.  Everything is much faster now.  I haven't run into any bugs or issues yet.  The only thing is that the battery drains slightly faster than before the update.  Usually it takes about 7 to 10 days after the update for battery consumption to go back to normal.
"
"I have 3mb dsl but just swapped to 3mb uverse I got my new modem today and service start tomorrow.

I had s tech come out Tues to check why I had static on my landlines he said reason why was I was really to far out for a 3mb service but I have had it for 5 years yea it does drop alot and get s very slow when it rains

any way been reading forums and see that uverse is harder to get a signal than adsl. and if you swap to uverse you can't go back to dsl so have I shot my self in the foot and gonna be with out internet AT&T os my only option no cable line on my street and they are not gonna run any.

Im so afraid I need internet for online school"
"cohowell2 - DSL & U-verse do use the same lines to your house. But, DSL originates in the CO and U-verse in a VRAD in your neighborhood. Should be much shorter.
"
"Your uverse will be adsl2+ on same lines based on description, if non successful install will be moved back to dsl but expect to be 1.5 if issues at 3.
"
"Just today I got a U-verse install with the NVG510 modem. I am unfortunately now reading about this infamous short DNS timeout issue on page loads, which has apparently been ongoing since 2011.
 
Has this been resolved in a modem firmware update? I've been reading different threads and no-one has said it's finally been fixed.
 
I currently have a remaining install problem with ultra-slow upstream speeds they still need to fix, but when they do if I encounter this problem in my use I will be cancelling my service and going to cable. I don't need this kind of trouble, and I don't want to reconfigure and debug a two-year old problem.
 
Thanks for any info."
"First my setup of the ATT Equipment:
ATT (2-Wire)U-Verse modem with Cisco_AP_ATT connected to it.  ATT U-Verse Wireless TV Reciever connects to the Cisco_AP_ATT device.
 
Additional Equipment.
Cisco ASA Firewall connected to ATT (2Wire) U-Verse modem.
DMZplus mode used pointing to the Cisco ATT Firewall.
 
Goal
Being able to connect back to my house when I travel to upload pictures.  Having family connect to upload/download photos.  All over SSL VPN.  (Think easy of use for non technical people).  I want to use port TCP/443 and not some other port.
 
Now if the Wireless U-Verese reciever and the Cisco_AP_ATT Access Point is removed, I delete the port forward policy setup for them, it all works as I expect it to.  I can use TCP/443.  Adding the AP and Reciever back in, 48 hours until the port forward policy is placed back by ATT management tools.  My impression of time and what is placing it.
 
I called ATT Uverse support and ATT Connect.  I went round and round on this issue with both parities (I think about 6 hours total), about TCP/443 being port forward and coming back even if it is deleted.  ATT Connect left me with the impression that they (at their Level 3) could not do anything further to help me.  ATT Uverse support basically left me with an impression that they couldn't do anything further to help me
 
I was left with the overall impression that since this was a consumer account, there was not anything that could be done.
 
My request is basically that they use a different port for the AP management.  And why are they using it to manage the AP, and why is the AP even being manged?  (If I delete it, things still work.  It just comes back.)
 
Reason I'm disappointed, neither party was willing to escalate the issue further to see if the mangement tools would be changed (I'm not the only one with this issue).  ATT Connect said they can't do anything further.  ATT U-Verse said it was out of policy go to ATT Connect.
 
I ended up with both parties on the phone at the same time.  Never received a good answer.
 
 
connectToCiscoAP"
"So based on info provided...options are
1) port 443 handles wifi receiver, replace wireless receiver with hardwired receiver, all good
2) desire to use wifi receiver with WAP, you need to use some other port.

Anything I missed?"
"As you have found out, AT&T's management system reserved port 443 for remote management of the Wireless Access Point for the wireless STBs. If you remove the firewall entry for it, AT&T's management system will just put it back. This precludes using port 443 for your own use.

There are 3 solutions:

1. Use a different port. You said in your post that this wasn't an option.
2. Ditch the wireless STB and get a wired STB instead. You can either swap to a true wired STB and return the wireless STB and access point, or you can remove the wireless access point and run an Ethernet cable, and use the Ethernet port on the wireless STB that you have.
3. Purchase a block of static IP addresses for $15 per month. Port 443 is only reserved on the single static IP native to your connection -- port 443 will be available on the static IP addresses. Set up your router to use one of the statics.
"
"I finally was able to download the mcafee, but when it was done it said it was restarting and that I should log in as an administrator.  What does that mean and why would I have to do that.  I also downloaded it on my mini laptop and that part never came up.  Thanks.
"
"I have decided to relocate my RG and in doing so decided that I would jump in with both feet and run all new Cat6 lines throughout the house to eliminate coax and connect TV, PC, Appletv etc via ethernet. All the supplies are in route and should arrive in a couple of days. I'm using Cat6 UTP cable terminated on both ends with Keystone jacks at a jack panel and jumpers to a 16 Port Unmanaged 10/100/1000 Mbps Gigabit Ethernet Switch. They'll be a jumper from the RG to the switch. I know this is probably overkill but maybe I'll future proof what ever may be coming in the future. I should add that I only have TV and internet service. My phone is a cellular service, I think thats what its called but never the less phone service is not an issue I need to deal with as far as my wiring is concerned. 
Now comes the part that I'm confused about. Since my current set up uses a cat5 cable from the wall jack to the RG that has a RJ11 plug using 4 wires I bought an extra long cable, Cat5e with RJ11 plugs on each end. My thought was to take that cable and run in through the attic, drop it down into a closet where the RG is being relocated to and then run the other end from the attic outside through the soffit and down to the NID. When I look inside the NID it's a real birds nest and instead of lugs for connections it has a type of punch down connection and I cant figure out which wires from my Cat5e cable should hook up to where in order to get the internet connection. Even though it has a plug on it I'll just cut off the plug to make the connection. Trying a process of elimination I opened up the wall jack from where I know get my internet connection and I find that the green jack that the data cable (cat5e) plugs into has only 2 wires connected which is a brown and a tan colored pair. An orange and yellow are connected to a red jack that was once used for the phone and a blue and white pair are connected to a blue jack that isnt used. There is also a green and white pair that is not connected at all. When I look at the ketstone jack used for data  that the brown and tan wires are punched down to I see that they are on position 4 & 5 on the jack. Since the rj11 plug on the cat5e has 4 wires that i can see looking at the plug which of those 4 wires are actually connecting to position 4 and 5 on the jack as I'm thinking when I removed the plug from the end of the cat5e at the NID those will be the pair that I will be using. My thinking is what ever pair is the appropriate ones they would punch down to the same connector at the top of the picture as it seems the wires going into the top one are the same as what shows up at the inside jack. Does anyone think the birds nest warrants a service call to clean up the mess. I'm not looking to pay that $99 charge that sometimes is mentioned if they come out. Geez I think I've confused myself even more after typing all this out. At any rate if there's someone that can make heads or tails out of this I sure would appreciate some guidance. "
"why won't my text messages from my verizon phone go through to an ATT phone?
"
"It's been less than 24 hours and my DVR is already in need of replacement. It froze and after restarting the unit per directions the screen shows a red X and 2 dots. Not I get to set aside more time to having a new unit installed on Sunday.
Surely AT&T wouldn't charge me for TV service I'm unable to use for another week?
Has anyone else gotten to actually email Customer Service about problems like this? 
The support and Contact Us pages just seem to go around and around. 
"
"See topic.. How long email account active after internet deactivation
 
I will be moving and will be disabling my internet access in a couple of weeks.  I need to know how long I will have access to my email accounts after the cancellation.
 
In particular I'm concerned about the sub accounts.  I have already changed my main account at places I'm registered too.
 
Thanks"
"I have a sony ericsson xperia x10 and due to my memory being full I need to move some apps to my sd card. How would I go about it? And can I disable the ""for your protection"" warning when I try to install apps not ""approved"" by sony?
"
How do I connect this range extender to my uverse router? I really don't want to have to purchase a new range extender but I can't seem to get this one to work with our uverse router.  http://www.dlink.com/us/en/home-solutions/connect/access-points-range-extenders-and-bridges/dap-1320...
"Your link seems to be broken, many have reported great success with netgear wn3000rp or 2500 products.
"
"kjunk - How are you trying to hook it up? WPS? You need to turn on WPS in the RG GUI. Also,, I am leery of the WPS physical button be cause when the virtual button is pressed you ned to enter the RG admin password. Try the virtual button.
Do it with the DAP in the same room, then move it to it's permanent location after you are assured it is working."
I have a problem with my U Verse Voice and U Verse Internet not working correctly. My phone drops several calls a day and my U Verse Internet disconnects often as well. I am on disability and depend on my services. I do not have a cell phone because I am on a modest disability income. Any suggestions will be much appreciated.
"As both services are controlled by the RG (residential gateway), which unit?
Most common Uverse units for your type of install are the 510,3600, or 5031.

Have you had a tech out to check your wiring, both inside and outside?
If not should call 1-800-288-2020 or chat online to schedule an appointment.
The RG could also be experiencing issue(s) and may need replacement.

More support can be offered if have the 3600 unit, are willing to download
http://www.uvrealtime.com/ and post screen shots, but will still probably need tech visit."
"The only thing it says to do is 611 there is no final destination.
"
"ricetera wrote:
The only thing it says to do is 611 there is no final destination.
depends on the device, you do need a eligible data plan on it though, not all of the old data plans allowed hotspot, basicly the 5GB tethering plan was it, or the mobile share plan
God, Guns and Automobiles"
My HP Photosmart C4599 won't connect to the wireless network. The drivers are installed on each of the laptops, but the Uverse network doesn't recognize the printer or vice versa. I can't locate either the installation CD or an instruction manual. Does anyone have a recommendation? Thanks!
"Hello i have phone it from friends i am overseas (Tonga) i need to use this phone Nokia Lumia 520 IMEI: {Personal content removed for your safety} lotck to AT&T please let me know it free unlock code or need to purchase and how much, please reply me on {Personal content removed for your safety}
 
 
thank
Chris"
"If it's an AT&T go phone vs the unlocked one that cost $50 more at amazon, your only hope is to request an unlock code here:
 
http://www.att.com/esupport/article.jsp?sid=KB414532&cv=820#fbid=Mxa-ZIJb0Xj
 
Or call the international support number and ask for an unlock code.
 "
"They also won't unlock any phone if you have a contract outstanding on any phone even if you are not using it.  Because I signed a 2 year agreement in January, they won't give me the unlock code for a BB 9900 I bought on line. 
"
"first, sorry for my poor english.
i'm from vietnam.i've just buy a nokia lumia 920 from ebay.com and i can't use it in my country.i 've asked for at&t supports but they require at&t wireless number and at&t account. i'm not in USA and don't use AT&t wireless.so how can i use my phone in my country.:smileysad: 
i also ask some people in my country but they can't help me.
what should i do ?
please help me. "
"According to https://www.att.com/deviceunlock
 
The former owner could have unlocked the device. You probably won't be able to. If you can't get the seller to unlock it, then it's likely a stolen unit - you should try to return it. EBay does offer buyer protection."
"Hi Guys,
 
Looking for details on how to get an unlock code for my Lumia 920. I bought it in the Microsoft store last December and have proof of purchase.
 
Any advise much appreciated.
 
Regards
Ross"
"Unlock requirements can be found here. Ross, do you have your cellular service with AT&T?
 
Dmitriy"
"Hi!

i have two Nokia Lumia 520 Locked at&t gophone, I do not live in the United States. how can i unlock this phones? 

they arrived today, and the unlock codes to at&t service is down, tried to buy the unlock codes but no one have it. 

Please, help me. 

Thanks!"
"Hello, Pelichek!
 
Thanks for your post! There are several pre-requisites for submitting a device unlock request.
 
AT&T will unlock an AT&T Mobile Device under the following circumstances:
The person requesting the unlock must be one of the following:
a current AT&T customer
a former AT&T customer who can provide the phone number or account number for the account
The AT&T Mobile Device was designed for use on AT&T's network.
The AT&T Mobile Device has been paid for in full.
The AT&T Mobile Device has not been reported lost or stolen.
 
For more information or to submit the unlock request, simply click on the link below.
 
Device Unlock Request
 
Let me know if you have any additional questions or concerns!
 
-Mariana"
I'm just wanting to know how I can find information on how to receive my Rewards Visa card I was promised.  It's been quite awhile since we had our Uverse Internet installed, but I haven't received anything. 
"Hello, LeahWalker!
 
Thanks for posting! How long has it been since your U-verse was installed? I found some information on our Rewards Center page that may be helpful.
 
Once you’ve met your service requirements on your offer and your active service has been confirmed, you can expect your reward to arrive in the mail within four weeks. This is approximately eight weeks from your installation date. You can obtain a real-time status for your rewards at the AT&T Reward Center.
 

For more information, click on the link below.
 
AT&T Redemption Center-FAQ
 
Let me know if that helps!
 
-Mariana"
I purchased a used AT&T microcell device and am trying to activate it.  It could be that the device itself is bad, but I don't know that for sure.  I have another microcell which works fine at this address.  The new device has supposedly been deactivated from its old account and is now plugged in between my router and modem (tried to connect to router already, too).  I activated it on the website, but it never gets past the first "Power Up" step. The power and GPS lights are steady green, but the other three lights are blinking green.  What does that mean?  I tried switching ethernet cables, and that didn't help.  I know my router and ips work with the device because I have another one, and that works.  What are my options here?  I called AT&T, and they say there is no problem on their end.  Can I get the device repaired somehow?  Is there anything else to try first?  Thanks.
"Is the ethernet light green (the one with the ""world"" on it)? Try a hard reset (holding in the reset button on the back for about 30 seconds).
 
No, the MicroCell can not be repaired.
AT&T's 3G MicroCell Guide | 3G MicroCell Technical Guide by Otto Pylot

For additional help, please send a PM to ATTCustomerCare.
"
"Are you using both Mcells at the same location?  Have you swapped the first Mcell with the used one and does it work with the same wiring?
 
Is your router connected to the upper Ethernet port on the Mcell and the modem connected to the lower port on the Mcell?"
"Why is getting trouble shooted with ATT such a disaster. My phone and internet are both out. I call one number and end up in the billing department. The guy in the billing department doesn't even know he is in teh billing department. He wastes 20 minutes of my time asking questions, then tells me to hold. After the hold he tells me sorry I am the billing department, I can't access any of your service information, I will have to transfer you. He transfers me to u-verse. Though both my phone and uverse are out they can only deal with uverse (this is the same company right?). Seems your modem is out. Really? so it is a coincidence that my phone and modem are out? He can't tell me. So they are sending a new modem. I have to wait 2 days to find out this guy is wrong. Can you transfer me to the phone department. Sorry they can't do that. this is the same company right? You will have to call the general help line.
 
WHAT A DISASTER!!!!! It is always like this with AT&T. How can our government give these guys a monopoly. It is criminal. And they wonder why I won't use their cell service and TV service. Are you kidding me.
Me too"
When I try to watch on my iPad it tells me I need to connect to my home network.  I am on my home network on my iPad.  I recently turned off the wireless on the gateway and added my own router.  Is this what is causing the issue?
Why are all of my wishlists gone?! I actually use this feature and all 20 of my items are gone!
How do I rent a dvd from Amazon?
Tracing shows package was delivered several days ago, but we did not receive it. What do we do?
what carrier does the standard or 2 day shipping?
How do I change my credit card info?
my balance is gone how do I know what im paying?!
How or where do I go to receive a competitive price match??
unable to register my KindleHDX with my current Amazon account
Placed order on 4/12 for in stock item..still not shipped on 4/16..why?
I'm trying to access and make a purchase from your baby registry. I keep getting an error message. When will your site be working properly?
I would like to purchase Jimmy Page t-shirt and other items, but do not want to use my credit or debitt card. Is there an address where I can mail my order to?
i recently joined to the prime membership and i cant take benefit of (i don't know why) and i would like to cancel or dis-activate it
How do I find out memory left on kindle cloud space?
How do I fi+D15nd ou+D14
Ask your publisher? Look on the product page for your book and notice the ranking. If you find rankings lower than yours, you'll know you've sold more books than those people. 
my kindle fire wont turn on, im really upset because I spent all of this money on it!
call customer service if holding the the power button for 10 seconds
How do I delete my order history from my account? I ordered something as a gift for my husband and I dont want him to be able to log on and see it.
how do I submit personalized information on item I am purchasing
When I order books kindle or paper it is not using my settlement money to pay for them. Is there some code or something that I need to use?
I received my Garvin nuvi 40 GPS today, the bearing is too large fit into the suction cup. Please advise.
Is there some setting I can change so I get the tracking number in the shipping email AND so that I do not have to login to Amazon JUST to track a shipment
Sorry this is not a feature we support at this time, but we appreciate your feedback and I'll be sure to pass this along.
how do I return my book rentals?
go to rent history snd go from there
how do you remove a device
Why doesn't the " sign out " appear any where on my screen when I am logged in or in my account drop down menu
My account is bloked. how do ia unblock it?
Please don't ask the same question more than once.
I placed an order on March 19th, still have not received the item. My order form shows it was shipped but there is no shipping information. I have emailed the shipper but I have not received a response. How do I get my money back?
you cant cancell a shipment already ordered
i received the package but it was torn open and the item was missing. what do i do?
contact c.s
I need tyo know why my order says DELETE and in my bank account is in stand by to take the money
Then use the contact us button to the right and ask customer service
i recently joined to the prime membership and i cant take benefit of (i don't know why) and i would like to cancel or dis-activate it
How do I find out memory left on kindle cloud space?
Why are all of my wishlists gone?! I actually use this feature and all 20 of my items are gone!
How do I change my credit card info?
my balance is gone how do I know what im paying?!
How or where do I go to receive a competitive price match??
Contacting customer service comes to mind. Orangey "Contact Us" button on the forum page you posted from and most Help pages.
Why wont my Kindle Fire battery charge
Can I return more than one item from different orders?
You have a label that has a return barcode on it to let Amazon know what it is. If you include items from different orders in the same box it's going to mess up their tracking system.
can we buy rented books
yes just buyout
how do I submit personalized information on item I am purchasing
Should Amazon passwords be changed at this time due to Heart bleed?
No, Amazon did not have that problem. If you use the same password on other websites you should change it, though, in case one of them was compromised
Serrurier Antibes : why is itunes match stopping me from downloading paid content ?
Ipad turns on and off in a loop during charging, and won't turn on at all off charge?
my ipad 2 unlock button not working, my ipad 2 unlock button not working
Has anyone experience iMac memory issues with One Drive (previously Sky Drive) - uses 5GB of my 8GB memory!
Migration Assistant issues, Mavericks
What is error -1407?
OS X Mavericks doesn't read my external hard drive
bluetooth keyboard and OS X Mavericks - problem unsolved :(
I upgraded my RAM from 4Gb to 8Gb. but my MacBook Pro takes time to boot
iMac freezing all the time
Swipes in Safari stop working
Exchange servers and Mavericks Mail
With the latest update, i have some trouble with youtube. Every videos that i watch are shaking. Is there something to fix it?
I have set my preferences to not allow cookies but they show up anyway
I have upgraded my OS to Mavericks and the skype lost working it "quit unexpectedly" everytime
How do I get rid of pop ups?
Core-Pdf plugin keeps crashing
Browsing other backup disks from other computers
Anyone else having problems with external disks unmounting randomly/suddenly on Mavericks?
Mavericks 2011 Macbook Pro issues
Can I plot my own route in Maps?
I updated to Maverick 10.9.2 - won't start
How to add an hotmail account to Mail ?
after emptying trash, can't follow instructions to reboot. Novice. Can someone help?
Safari Plug-In Failure after upgrading Flash Player
iOS 7 "No Sim Card Installed"
Iphone 5 callers hear only static
My iPhone 4S keeps turning itself off :/
Why my iphone 5s battery dies quicker than usual?
how to remove previous apple ids on my phone?
iPhone data recovery software work?
Computer wont recognize Iphone 4s
how to turn passcode off if not highlighted
I locked myself out of my phone how do I get back in?
WiFi on my iPhone 4s is not working after iOS 7.1.
My 2ND HAND iphone 5c is totally DEAD. It wont charge at all. It has guarantee. What shall i do ?
The time on my IPhone 5c is delayed.
my phone just shut off and will not turn back on but I do not want to loose all my stuff...please help!!
HT1414 My iPhone 4s which was working perfectly previously suddenly won't switch on (battery was fully charged!)
My 5s didn't turn on after latest update from apple
iPhone 4 sprint battery/power issues???
Would like to increase memory
Mac works very slow
Buying a Mac Book Pro: What configuration do I need?
I have a macbook pro 2008 and I have not been able to sign into my iTunes account since I've gotten it back from the non-apple menders. I have been getting the message "Your device or computer could not be verified. Contact support for assistance".
MacBook looses WIFI and freezes frequently
2011 MacBook Pro and Discrete Graphics Card
how do I show hidden files?
HD almost full
How to keep Emails on Email Server without perminantly download ?
I do not remember my computer name and password. I can no longer download updates. How do I find this information?
If you don’t remember your administrator password, you can reset it using the Mac OS X installation disc.
how do i disable the remote control sensor on my mac book pro?
Settings-> Security and privacy -> advanced
My audio sounds on my mac went out what can i do to fix it?
Check the audio settings or run  a PRAM TEST. http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1379 PRAM TEST
Ive rented a movie on my laptop itunes, however it doesn’t seem to show me where it was stored so that i can access it and watch it now. If I try re-renting it, itunes recognizes that i have already rented it.
"If you cannot find it within iTunes by searching for it within your library, then search for it within your computer by looking for it where the actual files sit on your computer. Check out the article below to go to that location and then once you find it then double click the file and it should start it up in iTunes or you can drag and drop on iTunes to open as well. Where are my iTunes files located?
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1391
Regards,
-Norm G.
"
I installed Mavericks OS X in the UK. I am now in Singapore and the location does not update. As a result current location in Maps and Date and time does not update to the new location. I have Location services enabled and have tried turning it off, restarting the mackbook and then re-enabling location services. The location does not update. Any ideas?
 Thanks for using Apple Support Communities.For more information on this, take a look at: OS X Mavericks: Manage which apps can use Location Services Best of Luck, Mario
when I try to restore my Iphone 5 from a backup and it asks me my password again it says "could not sign in there was a problem connecting to the server" how can I fix this?
 I'm not sure where in the Restore sequence this is happening. Do you get an error message with error number? It sounds like you cannot connect to either the download server or the activation server at Apple. Your antivirus may be blocking access. Or your phone may be jailbroken. Or your computer may have a corrupted network database as a result of jailbreaking some other iOS device.
Hello!!!!! I have an iPhone 4 and I want to buy 5s. I also want to sell iPhone 4. Before I do so what exactly I have to do? I want to keep the number of my iPhone 4. But the two of them (old and new one) have different SIM cards. I mean when I 'll buy the new iPhone my carrier will make the SIM card of the old one disabled?????????? And if so, how shall I erase the data from iPhone 4 ( because as I told you I want to sell it ) ???????All this stuff is complicated for me. Everything about this issue is tangled in my mind!!!!!! Please, can you help me?        
"Get the new phone first, then activate it thru your carrier, once you do that it will deactivate the old phone. Then on the old phone sign out of imessage/facetime/icloud. Then go to settings- general - reset - erase all contents and settings - this will wipe the phone clean as new. Then remove the sim card before you sell it.
"
 have been unable to get sound alerts for text messages, reminders, etc. They will send a vibrate though
"Thank you for using Apple Support Communities.
It sounds like you are not getting and audio alerts from your apps, but the phone does ring when you get a call, so your volume is not all the way down, and your mute switch is not on mute.
I would verify that sounds are setup in the settings on the phone. You may also want to check in the Notification settings that sounds are enabled for the apps as well: Take care,
Sterling


"
It tells me that I need to use a credit card but I don't want my credit card information on my account
"Hi jimena1234, If you would like to set up an account without an associated credit card, you may find the following article helpful: Apple Support: Creating an iTunes Store, App Store, iBooks Store, and Mac App Store account without a credit card http://support.apple.com/kb/ht2534 Regards, 
Brenden
"
Im having trouble with my volume. The only time i can hear my iphone's sound, is when i have heaphones plugged in. How do i fix this
"Hello Malique2k14, Thanks for using Apple Support Communities.
For more information on this, take a look at: iPhone: Hardware troubleshooting
http://support.apple.com/kb/ts2802 No sound or distorted sound from speaker
Receiver issues Best of luck,
Mario
"
Rental movie never fully processes and saves. It keeps downloading and then crashes ios 7.0.4. I tried turning the iPad on and off and have over 7GB of free space.
"Hi russ anthony,
Welcome to the Support Communities!
I would suggest restarting your iPad and then following the steps below:
Downloading past purchases from the iTunes Store, App Store, and iBooks Store
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2519
If you continue to have issues with this purchase, here's how to report it:
How to report an issue with your iTunes Store, App Store, Mac App Store, or iBookstore purchase
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1933?viewlocale=en_US
Cheers,
 - Judy"
I cant see The icon of iTunes Radio in my iTunes menu at my iOS? Hoy can I installed?
"Hi there goldysan,
You may find the information in the article below helpful. Please note, iTunes Radio is U.S. only at this time.
About iTunes Radio
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT5848
-Griff W.  
"
When listening to my music on my imac how do I shuffle the library?
Hello Kenny, Thank you for your question. It sounds like you would like to shuffle the playback of your iTunes library. the Shuffle button is located at the top, towards the middle of the iTunes window when it is playing music:
"I've just recently copied over my iTunes library from my old Mac to my new one but now, whenever I add new music, the songs save to /Users/___/Music/iTunes/iTunes Media and not /Users/___/Music/iTunes/iTunes Media/Music like it normally does. Is there any way to fix this? Thanks.
edit: this also happens when I listen to my songs too - even when they are originally located in /iTunes Media/Music, when I play them they move themselves to /iTunes Media/. 
edit 2: I know I can change the default location of the iTunes Media folder location to be /iTunes Media/Music, but will this affect where any apps that I download will be saved? i.e. will they save to /iTunes Media/Mobile Applications or /iTunes Media/Music?
Sorry if this is confusing!
"
" Hello transcend94,
Thanks for using Apple Support Communities.
For more information on this, take a look at: 
Where are my iTunes files located?
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1391
iTunes: Understanding iTunes Media Organization
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht3847
Avoid using different versions of iTunes, or you may be unable to locate content, or may import or transfer content to the wrong location.
Best of luck,
Mario"
my iPad says, "iPad is disabled connect to iTunes."  I can sign into itunes but nothing happens
" Hello there, jrm4493.
The following Knowledge Base article offers up some great steps for troubleshooting your issue:
iOS: Forgotten passcode or device disabled after entering wrong passcode
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht121
If with those steps you are still unable to restore your device then this article would provide additional steps to follow:
If you can't update or restore your iOS device
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1808
Thanks for reaching out to Apple Support Communities.
Cheers,
Pedro."
" I just wanted to update the songs on my old ipod shuffle 2nd generation on ox 10.8.5 states that it does not recognize unit and I can't do a reset.  need help  thank you  Mac application
"
"Hello, Bilden
Here is a troubleshooting article that I would recommend going though to possible resolve this issue. 
iTunes: iPod not recognized in iTunes and Mac desktop
http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1410
Cheers, 
Jason H.  "
" Why did the app Icon go away from new update? And how do I get apps now?
"
" Check: Settings - General - Restrictions - Installing Apps = ????
"
I own a ipod (nano). How do I delete playlists that are on the ipod? Some of my playlists are duplicates of one another.
" Hey there Football Frank,
It sounds like you have duplicate playlists on the iPod Nano. As long as these are not duplicated in your iTunes library, you should be able to restore the iPod Nano to fix these duplicated playlists:
Restoring iPod to factory settings
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1339"
" I have an iPod nano (5th generation) and it won't turn on. I've tried turning it on but the Apple symbol only appears for a short amount of time then disapears. I've tried charging it, but nothing would show up, except for the Apple symbol. When I plugged it into my computer and went into iTunes, it will not show up under devices. I have videos that I have recorded in the past and I would like to look back at them, but I can't. I would really like to see them and have my nano working again. If someone could answer my two questions, I would really appreciate it:)

iPod nano "
" Hello there, Valerie293.
The following Knowledge Base articles provide some great information for addressing your issues depending on your Operating System:
iPod not recognized in My Computer and in iTunes for Windows
http://support.apple.com/kb/ts1369
or  
iTunes: iPod not recognized in iTunes and Mac desktop
http://support.apple.com/kb/ts1410
Thanks for reaching out to Apple Support Communities.
Cheers,
Pedro."
" Got a new iPod nano as a gift this Xmas.  Having problems keeping the thing charged.  Can fully charge it, turn it off and then hours later go to use it only to find the battery completely drained.  Any ideas?
"
"
Hello willetteverend,
Thank you for your question. It sounds like you have some unexpectedly low battery life on your iPod Nano. I would use this article to determine your battery life, and use the tips for increasing the battery life of your iPod, or contact us is service is needed with this article:
Accurately determine your iPod battery life
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1322
Thank you for using Apple Support Communities.All the very best,

Sterling"
" how do I move music to my PC? or copy it to my pc?
"
" Hello Moonwisher,
It sounds like you are trying to transfer music from your iPod to your computer.  I found an article with information on transferring media from your iPod to your computer:
iTunes: Transferring media from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or iPod
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1209
Thank you for posting in the Apple Support Communities.
Best,
Sheila M.
"
" Can I sync 2 different ipods to my itunes? 
"
" Hello JoJo717,
Congratulations on your new iPod nano!  It sounds like you have one computer but multiple iPods.  There are a three options when syncing multiple devices to one computer, and the article below outlines these methods.  I recommend reviewing the article to find a method that would work for you:
How to use multiple iPhone, iPad, or iPod devices with one computer
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1495
Thank you for using Apple Support Communities.
Best, 
Sheila M."
 Hi everyone! I have a Nano 7th gen, and it recently developed a problem where, when using the Fitness app, it shuts down with about a minute left in the run. The iPod completely powers off--this isn't an issue with the app just crashing. I've power cycled off the iPod a few times, but it's still happening. It seems like the next step would be to restore the factory settings, but I'm hoping to avoid that because (1) I don't want to lose all of my saved runs, and (2) I don't want to have to recalibrate it again. Anyone else have a similar problem? Thanks!
" Hello Flip_Cub,
Thank you for the details of the issue you are experiencing with the Fitness app on your iPod nano.  I found a resource that I think would help in a situation like this.
I recommend following the steps in this troubleshooting assistant for your iPod nano model.  I understand you have tried restarting your iPod, but I recommend perfoming the steps for the reset and other options first before restoring your iPod:
iPod Troubleshooting Assistants
http://www.apple.com/support/ipod/five_rs/
Thank you for posting in the Apple Support Communities.
Best,
Sheila M."
Can you synch from the ipad nano to the computer?
" Hello Potter513,
Thank you for your question. It sounds like you want to copy music from your iPod to your computer. 
You can use this article to sync your iTunes purchases to your iTunes library:
iTunes Store: Transferring purchases from your iOS device or iPod to a computer
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1848"
 what does this mean i mean after looking on the internet for hours now i got no help what so ever, helpp please 
" Hello Emmuhhlieee,
Thanks for using Apple Support Communities.
For more information on this, take a look at: 
iPod nano (6th generation): Hardware troubleshooting
http://support.apple.com/kb/ts3474
Display shows a white screen
Try putting the iPod into disk mode:
Reset the device (press the Sleep and Volume Down buttons simultaneously until the display turns black—about eight seconds).
When the display turns black, hold down the Volume Down and Volume Up buttons simultaneously until the device enters Disk mode.
While the device is in disk mode, sync it to iTunes and try to restore.
Best of luck,
Mario"
"On the Verizon Community Sign In page, if I select Sign in with my Community Only User ID and password and check the ""Keep me logged in unless I sign out for 2 weeks"" check box, when I close my browser and come back a few minutes later, I have to sign in again.
 I'm using IE8 on Win/XP (SP3)."
"I have had the problem also. I have found that having my system clear my cookies when I log off just makes it imposible to stay logged in.
 Are you having this when you close your browser or all the time?"
Go to Tools > Internet Options and make sure Delete browsing history on exit isn't checked. (Or click on the Delete... button and uncheck Cookies and/or check the Preserve Favorites website data box and add this site to your favorites.)
I have mine stuff cleared on exit, so it is security or convenience. I choose security.
I don't use IE most of the time, so it is security and convenience. :smileywink: That comment was directed more at the OP than at you. If it's intentional, by all means leave it set that way. (That's also why I mentioned the option to not clear for favorites.)
"No, I do not have IE set to clear cookies on exit.  Nor have I cleared cookies manually.
I have no trouble staying logged into to other sites.
I think I saw it work once or twice when the sign-on screen first changed, but I haven't seen it work since."
"I have this problem too.  I've never been able to put my finger on when I get logged off, or why.  And sometimes I'm just logged off, period, and other times I get a messages saying my session has expired, click here to log back in.  I am logged off 100% of the time overnight when my PC is in sleep mode. This isn't a bank account web site.  I'm on a PC that nobody else has physical access too.  I'd like to be able to stay signed on to the forums.  It's not a huge deal to have to log back on at least once a day but it is a minor irritation. :smileywink:
edit:  I run IE8.  I just closed IE8, reopened it, and went back to the forums.  I was still logged in.  So exiting IE8 doesn't cause the forced logoff.  It seems to me more lack of activity related."
You are correct, eljefe.  The default setting is for 2 hours' of inactivity to be logged out.  Each community that uses the Lithium software can change that setting if they wish.  Verizon has opted to keep it for the time being.
So what's the purpose of showing an option that would lead a user to believe they can be remain logged in for 2 weeks KaLin?
Can Verizon at least change the display fro "We keep you signed on for 2 weeks" to "We keep you signed on for 2 hours", if they are not going to fix it?
Hello, I have just made the switch to Droid from Apple and just wanted to know if it is safe to sell my iPhone 4s without worry of it being connected to my account once a new user gets a hold of it? I have called Verizon and they deactivated my iPhone 4s and then took me through the process of activating my new (actually bought it off eBay) Droid phone with my same number and everything. So am I clear to sell my iPhone or is the phone itself locked to me until the contract is over? Of course I reset and wiped the phone of any of my data.Thanks for your help! *Suggestion: Where in the world is the help forum at? Also make these forums easier to navigate :smileyvery-happy:
"Hi Oxygen, These forums are dedicated to Residential products and services offered by Verizon. For help on Verizon Wireless issues, please post your topic on the Verizon Wireless community.
 Thank you,
AnnieS"
Alright, thanks for redirecting me :smileyhappy: Feel free to remove this post then.
Nice to see the new layout on your Community pages.  I am learning the navigation and so far so good.  However when I sign in and then click on my user name, I am taken to an error page.  This occurs no matter whose user name I click.  In the earlier layout, clicking on a user name took me to a summary page listing all the user's particulars (public for others, complete for myself).  I have been unable to do that in this version. Is this a temporary problem, or a permanent design change?  Thanks. Solved! Go to Solution.
"Thank you so much for your feedback- it's appreciated! That's a temporary bug and it should be fixed today.  I apologize- I know it's very inconvenient not being able to access your profile page. Please keep the feedback coming- the good and the bad, I want to hear it all.Thanks!
 -Heather"
"I have just verified that this is fixed! If you still see this, please let me know.
Thanks!"
Looks just fine on this end.  Thanks.
Should there be a way to enable auto spell check when sending a message, or posting in the community? I have looked for that option but could not find it. Spell check is your friend.
I'm assuming you're talking about a feature different from the Spell Checker at the top right of the message window? Just wanting to clarify if I'm understanding you correctly.
"Same feature, but have an option where it will run automatically when clicking on post. Prior to the message being posted. Sort of what many Email programs do, This way it would fix typos, and or give you the option of making corrections prior to the mistakes I make getting posted. I though it would be a good feature to enable or disable if you choose to do so. I know you can edit the posts for a period afterwards BUT. I would also like to be able to make corrections in the Blog and Ideas postings, like what can be done on the boards. If that is not possible, auto spell checking would be the next best thing.
 "
I've been using Firefox for amny years since it's first release.  Why does Verizon not allow me to log into the forums with Firefox?
What version of Firefox are you using?  There are many, many users here that log in with Firefox without incident.
The latest version 3.6.13. 
"brh,
I don't know at this point why you are having trouble with Firefox and the Forums, but I am using 3.6.13, have been using this version for several months, and Firefox at earlier levels for years, and am not having any problem at all using any Verizon site: the Forums, web mail, My Verizon for paying my bill (have been doing it for 3 or so years), and Remote DVR access. I am pretty sure I could access other Verizon functions if I wanted from Firefox, but I have not had any need to. So, your premise is just flat wrong IMHO. Now, tell us what you are trying to do (I know you said logon to the forums, but specifically), what doesn't work, error messages, etc. And probably most important, what Firefox Add-ons you are using, or as an alternative, try running Firefox with no add-ons active, and see what works/doesn't work (assuming you are using Windows, go into programs to the Mozilla Firefox folder and select Mozilla Firefox (Safe Mode), bet it will work that way.Give us more info, I bet someone here will be able to help you."
"#1 Have you tried running a plain vanilla Firefox?
I point to http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/safe%20mode
#2 If that does not help resolve the issue, what is the OS and Version that you are using? I am using ubuntu 10.04 LTS and it is working fine here.
http://forums.verizon.com/t5/Share-Your-Ideas-with-Verizon/Outdated-browser/idc-p/253443#M2493
#3 If my first question resolves your issue, it was one or more your Extensions that is blocking you.
 a) As to which one, trail and error (have only one enabled at a time).
 b) If not an Extension, then one or more of the other add-ons."
"Right.  ON the address bar in Firefox, I go to http://forums.verizon.com/ and click on the Sign In link.
 
Now, I get 4 choices:
.  Sign in with a My Verizon Residential User ID and password
.  Create a My Verizon Residential User ID
.  Sign in with my Community Only User ID and password
.  Create a Community Only User ID
I then click on the ""Sign in with my Community Only User ID and password"" link which opens the typical userid and password fields.
I fill  in my userid and passwrod and click on the ""Sign In"" button.
The page refreshes and offers me the same four choices shown above.
 
When I do the same with Internet Explorer, it allows me to log in.
 
Bjoern
 
PS, I did try this with Firefox in safe mode."
"OK, thanks for the additional information.
 
1) That is the same link I always use to get to the forums (successfully) using Firefox 3.6.13.
 
2) Ahhh.....unfortunately I have never tried to log in that way, I have a Verizon Residential User ID and always use that. You are not a Verizon residentail customer? Even if you are not, have you tried using that option to see what happens?
 
3) If I accidentally screw up my login the site usually comes back with the same login screen except that it has in small type an error message; you do not get any error message?
 
4) OK, that eliminates Firefox Add-ons.
 
Anybody here have experience logging on using the Community Only User ID with Firefox? I am guessing that the issue is something with that, but I have no clue what it might be. And I guess I can't try to replicate that since I have the residential id."
Have you cleared your cache?
When I selected Firefox in safe mode, I cleared everything.  It was so cleared that I had to restore my Firefox profile.  (Thanks goodnes for FEBE).
Has this always been a problem with firefox, or is it recent?  Also, do you have any add ons for FF that could be interfering?
I log on with a community only ID and using FF 3.6.13 and have no trouble.
"K, then my next guess, as good or bad as it may be, is some setting Bjoern has in Firefox neither you nor I have. I don't know what it might be, but here are a few things to maybe check:
 
Under Content:
 
1) Pop-ups blocked? I have that turned on, but have the Verizon URL as an Exception.
 
2) JavaScript enabled? I have it enabled.
 
Under Privacy:
 
1) Accept Cookies from Sites is checked.
 
Those are the only things I can think of. Anybody else got anything?"
Just tested in Firefox a well, no issues here. Check the stuff Justin listed above, and also make sure your Java is updated.
This same thing happened to me earlier.  I finally got so frustrated with it that I moved on.
I also use FF with a community only ID and no problems logging in as well. It does occasionally give me trouble immediately after I've signed out, but a second try always works.
"Dear Firefox user,
 
did you try clicking on tools, then options, after that you will see different tabs choose advanced, under advanced you will see
4 sub-tabs select network , under network click on settings and then under configuration select no proxy
 
good luck!
Your friend CB
 
by the way i'm using firefox right now"
"The problem is real.
 
See similar thread at
 
http://forums.verizon.com/t5/Suggestions-For-This-Community/Cannot-Log-in-to-this-forum-with-Firefox…"
"BTW, latest released FF is 8.
I am using it right now with no problems."
CRob - See my last post at the other link.  Have the same issues with FF 8.0 from a different computer.
The guy said he had the latest version of fire fox at 3.6.1  I'm sorry but I have fire foe 6.0.0
"I have Firefox 9.0.1 on one of my PCs and Firefox 8.0 on the other, and Lithium and Vz will NOT let me log on unless I switch to IE., and even then I have to re-do my password most of the time.
 
I just discovered that Lithium is running the forum for Seagate, and it also has log on issues.
 
Crap work."
Just tested again after updating from FF 8 to 9.0.1 - Posting this message from Firefox. No issues with login, but I don't have any addons installed…
"The problems logging on to this Forum with Firefox are real and continue.
 
See http://forums.verizon.com/t5/Suggestions-For-This-Community/Cannot-Log-in-to-this-forum-with-Firefox...
 
The fault is Verizon and Lithium's, and they have not fixed this after an entire year."
"There is nothing to fix!
 
Your statement is just absolutely, positively not true! I have been using Firefox, various levels (now on 10.0.2), since I first joined the Forums a week or two after they started 3 1/2 years ago. Never, ever a single problem logging in. Over the years I have used a variety of Firefox extensions and plugins, right now today I have 18 extensions and 17 plug-ins active.
 
Your problem is almost certainly one of your extensions or plug-ins. I have no clue which one, but the easy way to prove it is to start Firefox without any of the them active - if you can log in, then you need to find out which one. If it doesn't, then it is something else you are using in your computer - operating system setting, other product like your anti-virus or firewall, etc. Firefox 10.0.2 provides an easy way to start Firexox without any add-ons, it is under Help.
 
There are plenty of things wrong with the Lithium implementation that affect primarily Verizon website performance, but logging in is not one of them.
 "
"Not sure if you're still experiencing the issue, but I've had the exact problem logging in to My Verizon (verizonwireless.com) for a quite a while and never found a reason until I was looking into another issue of FF not displaying thumbnails on some websites.  I tried the below and it instantly fixed the issue of logging in with FF (along with displaying the missing thumbnails!):
 
<http://kb.mozillazine.org/Images_or_animations_don%27t_load>
 
Specifically, this line:
 
""- Some sites will block the request if no referring URL is sent. Use about:config to make sure that the preference network.http.sendRefererHeader is set to ""2"" (default) and reset, if necessary.""
 
For some reason mine was set to ""0"" and as soon as I switched it to ""2"", I was able to log in to Verizon.  Give it a shot and hopefully it fixes it for you."
"Thanks mjlite, but I already had the correct setting.
 
Would lithium and Vz PLEASE work on this and stop saying that everything is fine?"
"It's virtually impossible to use any Verizon services with Firefox.
The Home Monitoring service is non-functional, and even these forums can't be accessed.
 
Every time I try to sign in, it takes me to the Register page. 
etc etc etc... the problems noted above are REAL."
"Archguy is correct.  I can sign in here with IE but never with Firefox.  I do not have this problem on any other forum anywhere.  And this forum is damned slow with IE because an amazing amount of stuff is running in the background.
 
My Firefox is version 14.0.1.  I use NoScript, but I always allow scripts from verizon.com, .net, etc. sources.  I also use Ad-Block Plus and Better Privacy.  My Firefox is set to permit cookies from verizon.com, verizon.net and other verizon-related domain names I have seen, including forums.verizon.com.   Of course, cookies from thousands of other (non-Verizon) sites are blocked in my Firefox.  All of this is basic good practice for surfing, and Verizon should encourage it.  (Does Verizon have some secret cookie or script sources it wants to let us know?)
 
I could sort of understand if Verizon were a small clothing company based in Vietnam and not a major US telecommunications giant, but it is mind-boggling that Verizon -- Verizon !! -- cannot learn how to accommodate Firefox.  Bad show."
"Absolutely, completely untrue!
 
I am posting in the Forums right now using Firefox. I use Firefox all of the time to visit Verizon websites, have been for years, and they all work. I have also tried IE, Chrome, and Opera, and they also all work. I know there are lots and lots of others who use Firefox successfully every time they visit a Verizon site.
 
I am confident you have a Firefox configuration problem - an add-on, a setting, or perhaps even an OS setting, something that is interferring. Try starting Firefox with no add-ons and see if anything changes, change your cookie handling, etc., try changing things instead of complaining.
 
Verizon websites do work (well) with Firefox.
 "
This morning I woke up and noticed a buzzing or humming sound coming from the xbox one power supply. It's not loud but my room is dead quiet and it's annoyingly noticeable. The console is off, but I have the quick start up option enabled. Is there a problem with the power supply or is this normal? How can I fix this issue?
Hi there Smic Xtreme I would suggest you try unplugging the power brick while the console is off for 1-2 minutes and see if that helps at all.
its normal.. i have the same.. if faststart is on you will here the build in fan..
I have the same as well. kinda annoying as you can just hear the buzzing in the background when there is not any noise to mask it. Hope they will improve the design for this as never saw this with previous supplies.
Yup, it was cuz of the instant on feature.  I kinda figured that's what it was... But I was hoping it wasn't. Very sad, I won't be using the instant on feature cuz the power supply noise is too annoying
I have the noise everytime the console is switched on. It's a light buzzing/fizzing sound. Is this normal?
The power supplies are low quality junk. That's the problem. I know some people are having issues with the console, but the design is great when it comes to the cooling/fan. They cheaped out on the PSUs though, which is a silly thing to do given that these PSUs are going to be on 24/7 if people use the sleep feature of the Xbox One.
Has anyone actually taken a Xbox One PSU apart?  Mine is fine, but I'd be curious to see what brands of components they are using, especially capacitors.
That said, I can't imagine MS going cheap on the PSU Components, I suppose it's possible, I just don't see it as very likely.
I got the same Problem. The Fan of the Power Supply seems to run at full rpm at all time, even if the XBox is turned off in Standyby Mode. The Fan NEVER turns off or slows down, only Solution for me here is to not use the Standby Mode(Fast Boot Mode), which would be another Feature not working. X-Box Support says its supposed to turn off in Standbymode after a few Seconds and that it is not supposed to be this noisy at all. Its a bad Situation because Microsoft can´t provide any new Power-Bricks and repair seems to take 2-3 Weeks.
Xbox Support are wrong about it turning off. When the Xbox is in sleep mode, the white light stays on on the PSU and the fan continues to run. That is by design. The issue is the noise. The PSU is louder than the Xbox One itself when it's turned on, which somewhat defeats the object of making a super-quiet console. If there was a third party, high quality silent PSU for the Xbox One, I would buy one in a heartbeat.
I think they could regulate the fan level to less than 100% in standby mode with a software update. This problem is really annoying, i would love to see a third party silent PSU, too!
Would it somehow be possible to replace the Fan inside with a silent Fan from the Aftermarket? Another Solution could be to use something that reduces the Voltage on the Fan (i don´t know the English Term, a Resistor?), there a Cables in the PC-Aftermarket to reduce Fan Voltage from 12v to 7v to keep them silent.
I really hope there's some way they can software regulate the PSU fan, that would be ideal.  It really not that loud, but it's loud enough in a quiet room to be very annoying. Also, the fact that the PSU is louder than the console is baffling!
Well i don´t see them fixing this by a Software Update because if(!) the PSU has a Fan Regulation at all it is likely to be triggered by the Temperature inside the Power Brick and is not regulated by the Console itself. At the Moment it seems like the Power Brick can only sense if the Console consumes Power and switches on/off depending on that State.
Just throwing my opinion in the mix here too - My living room is dead silent and I can constantly hear the power supply fan spinning now - it drives me crazy!  At first I thought it was the fan inside the console, but that is not the case.  I really hope this can be fixed down the road, even if I have to pay for it.
There is no way that it could be fixed with some kind of firmware/software update as the Xbox One doesn't control the PSU fan. Replacing the fan yourself is really not a good idea either! I would never crack open any PSU unless you 100% know what you're doing, as you risk electrocuting yourself. The capacitors inside a PSU can hold a charge for a while after it's unplugged from the wall socket, so I honestly wouldn't even consider that, plus it voids your warranty as well. The only fix is for MS to redesign the PSU or make one with higher quality components. 
I don´t really get why the Fan has to be running in Standby/Suspend Mode, every PC with a Suspend Feature is able to run without a Fan turned on in the PSU. The Problem is that i don´t think i want to pay for a better PSU when a very silent System was promised to me(as well as DLNA and a few other Things). And i do not really want this noise in my Living Room at all, especially when watching TV or a Blu-Ray, the only Solution would be to turn up the Volume very loud which is not possible due to Neighbours.
Took a quick video on my phone to try to capture the sound it's making... Is this what everyone else is experiencing? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVYYcwVei1s&feature=youtu.be
Thats exactly what mine sounds like, too.
Mine too
I've been chatting with "Jeandra" from Xbox Support for well over an hour now. I will say, he or she has been very attentive and human-like, which I can't say for most chat service reps I've dealt with. I sent the link to my video over and was told the PSU shouldn't sound like that, at least not at that volume. They essentially gave me 3 options - 1. Return the console to Amazon (they pushed this one really hard) 2. Ship me a new PSU for $20 3. Ship me a brand new console with a $500 hold on my account until they receive mine. I refuted all three, at least for now, and let them know how unhappy I was with the options, for all the good it will do. I don't feel like having a $500 hold placed on my account for any length of time having already spent $500 on the console. If the whole thing was dead, sure, but when we're simply talking the PSU, I find that to be unacceptable. About as unacceptable as trying to charge me $20 for a defective product that is under warranty. I asked if, alternatively, they could place a $20 hold on my account for a new PSU - that being something I would have gladly agreed to. Supposedly, my request has been "passed on to superiors" and I was given a reference number.
BLeClair12, amazing work and thanks for keeping us updated! I totally agree with you, the thing is under warranty so we shouldn't have to pay to get it replaced! It almost sounds like they're giving us hard options so we won't return the thing. If you were using the Xbox as your central hub then the instant on feature is ESSENTIAL. I'd hate to wait a minute just for the damn television to turn on just because it's hooked up to my xbox! I'm definitely going to give them a call next week as well. I think the more people that bring up this issue with them, the higher chance we'll have of getting a reasonable solution.
This brick is REALLY annoying and loud... :( I´m going to visit 2 friends of mine with Boxes. If their PSU are as load as mine, i´m going to open it und perhaps try to install a new fan. If mine is louder, i´m going to order a new one..
Good news and bad news guys! Ok I just got off support chat and they offered to replace the power supply for free under warranty BUT you need to send your power supply in FIRST. Upon receiving the defective PSU, they'll ship you a new one free of charge. Obviously I said no! I'm not going to give up my xbox for a week while I wait for a new PSU! As BLeClair12 mentioned, they have a advanced replacement option for the console where you place a deposit and they'll send you a new console first however they don't have this option for the power supply alone. I sent them a link to this thread and they said they'll bring it to the attention of the manager! They also told me to send in feedback regarding this issue and hopefully they'll provide better solution in the future! If you have this issue, I recommend you get on support chat with them! It may help get us a better solution!
Glad to hear others are pursuing a resolution to this. Makes me feel kind of helpless, because my console is working, but at the same time, it's pretty clear that it's not functioning as it should (and it makes the instant on feature more or less useless.) Between this and Madden 25 constantly freezing, my Xbox One experience hasn't been very positive thus far. I presume the Madden 25 issues is EA, though, as my copy of Dead Rising 3 has not frozen or given me trouble at all.
I think this is just the way these things are. When people use the word "silent" in this kind of context, they never mean truly silent and everyone's idea of what is acceptable and what isn't is different. Some people will think we're making mountains out of molehills. Of course, there will be some folks who do have genuinely faulty PSUs that make way more noise than normal, but for the rest of us, I think this is just something we're going to have to live with for the most part. It was just the same with the Xbox 360 S PSUs. I would like MS to take this feedback on board though, because if they can focus on making an "as close to silent as they can" PSU further down the line, I'd buy one and swap mine out, because they've done an awesome job with the console itself in terms of cooling/fan noise, but they need to remember that when the console is on, we're gaming anyway - the TV is cranked up or we have headphones on. It's when the console is on standby that it becomes a problem because the PSU is effectively on 24/7.
Noisy fans have always been problem with every xbox ive owned. ive had 5 360s and every single one has had a problem with fans. From grinding noises to metalic humming. None have ever sounded like a fan should. now I have an xbox one. The console itself is quiet enough and fans sound healthy. But the power brick seems louder than the xbox. I think the fact that the tv stand is made of glass might be amplifying the sound a bit but still its always there when trying to sleep. surely they could have designed it so the PSU fan slows down when the console is switched off in instant on mode? Now suppose I could contact support to see if they will replace the power brick but that could mean going without an xbox for a couple of weeks. There is also the risk that the new power brick will be just as loud as well. So looks like im stuck. On the bright side the power brick is so loud it masks my tinnitus
Anyone's PSU making a clicking noise?
@Punish HD - Mine is. It makes a fast ticking noise, which to me is a sign of a fault with the fan rather than normal operating noise. I've managed to get mine replaced, although I have not received the replacement yet - it's been shipped though, so I should get it any day now.
I'm having the same problem, after the first night of the fan running all night long I worked out that turning off standby stops the problem but obviously now my xbox one takes about 1 minute to boot up.  Not great. If the packs are faulty MS should send out replacements at their expense not ours.
No further progress to report on my end. I'm not really sure where to go from here. I didn't have much time to give it thought over the holiday, but perhaps I'll call support tomorrow and pester them some more. The chat rep made my options pretty clear, but again, none of them are acceptable in this scenario at all. The way I see it, as the holder of a defective product under warranty, the answer is clear. They should be shipping me a new PSU and providing a pre-paid label to send mine back, end of story. Now, if that requires a $20 hold on my account, than so be it, but a $500 hold and full console replacement is not acceptable.
I would be wary about being offered a "full" console replacement for issues like this. I also had a faulty PSU (and a faulty controller) and after 3 calls to MS, a supervisor said that under the circumstances he would replace the entire console package for me. He booked it in, but then a day later he phoned me back and said that he'd made a mistake - MS only send out the console on its own, without any cables, controller, PSU or Kinect. He cancelled the replacement, but it turned up at my house yesterday anyway and sure enough, it was just a console wrapped in paper and bubble wrap inside a box. I think there is a little confusion among some of the staff about this.
Yeah, I have no intention of doing the full console replacement, but man, if it came down to that and they sent me just the console (when there's absolutely nothing wrong with mine), I think I'd be packing the whole thing up to send to Amazon for a refund.
I have the same exactly as it is recorded on www.youtube.com/watch
My PC has 850W PSU and it is completely silent. Seems like these XB1 PSU were not set up correctly to adjust to power consumption or heat. Will send back to amazon.
I recommend you contact xbox support via chat. Hopefully if enough people complain about it, they'll let us replace the PSU without sending in our faulty ones first! This does not seem like a problem affecting every unit but I think more people out there have faulty PSU's but they don't realize it's faulty, or they have a higher tolerance for the noise. Either way, this is clear an issue since MS is willing to replace the PSU under warranty.
Maybe, anyway this guy should test PSU as well technology.ie.msn.com/.../building-the-xbox-one-behind-the-scenes-photos-23 joking. So here is the link http://sdrv.ms/18c5j4t 1GB to recorded behavior that I am experiencing. We can compare noise coming from console and from PSU. With instant on enabled and with instant on disabled. I am almost convinced that it is faulty fan in PSU. You can hear buzzing noise getting louder during 1st second after turning on - fan getting it's full speed. And it does not reduce the speed in standby mode - you can hear and see it in video. I checked PSU and it is relatively perfectly cool. It gets hotter as well as console after playing Forza. Maybe PSU engineers should ask silentpcreview.com guys to consult them. :). Anyway will wait for few more reports and will try to replace it. Hopefully it will be possible to replace PSU only - day one edition after all!
I got a replacement PSU yesterday but unfortunately it's worse than the first one. The first one made a ticking noise, like something was touching the fan blades or the bearing was faulty. I couldn't hear it when gaming, but I could hear it ticking away in the room when the console was on standby. The replacement makes a loud electrical buzzing noise like in DX Helios's video, so overall it's considerably louder than the first PSU. It's a shame I can't take the fan out of the second PSU and put it in the first, but I don't want to risk taking them apart.
Sigma, how did you get the new PSU? Did you send in your old one first? Anyways, Thanks for the update.  I can't believe your new one is even louder!!! That's crazy, is this problem more wide spread than we initially thought? If so, I can't believe more people aren't speaking up about it.  Well it's still early so maybe people haven't noticed it yet?
Well Ladies, I'm in the same stinking boat! and I'm not happy! that darn PSU noise drives me crazy! It is unacceptable! XboxOne was marketed as a quiet piece of equipment! I'll tell you what's quiet, my PS4! I want my XboxOne to be Quiet!! I'll return it to Amazon and wait a year or two until they recall or fix this problem if that is what I need to do!
Ugh. That sucks Sigma. It puts me off even bothering with Support… I am *definitely* not going to send my PSU off first and then wait weeks for a replacement, only for the replacement to be as bad or worse. Ditto for just paying the £30 or whatever to have a new one sent straight out. If I knew the replacement would be better, then I would be tempted to just swallow the cost and pay up for a new one, but I'm not doing that if it's likely to be as bad or worse! This really seems to be pot luck... Some people are fortunate to have one that's near silent, but plenty of us have been unlucky enough to suffer a noisy one, one that's so noisy as to be annoying during quiet parts of games/videos and so noisy as to be too annoying to actually use Instant On! I've seen at least six or seven threads about this at Xbox.com, plus that Reddit thread I linked to before, along with other reports online. Bad show, MS :-(
Yeah, I expect anything with a fan in it to make some noise, but it should be a quiet whoosh of air sound. I've built a few PCs and I've had one or two case fans that tick, but I've always returned them for replacements. A fan definitely should not tick. As for the second one, the buzzing is so loud that I can actually hear it over the top of games or movies while the console is on and of course the buzzing continues at the same level when it's off (in sleep mode) too, so I don't consider that normal either. It's a bit of a lottery really, isn't it?
just talked to support, they will replace my PSU, BUT I have to ship my defective PSU to them then they will send me a replacement. Estimate is around 15 days from when I ship! Oh and did I forget to mention  that THEY didn't mention anything about shipping costs? Looks like I will have to PAY for shipping their defective part to them! I ask if there will be any compensation for this defective part that will keep my XboxOne down for 15 days, like a free game. She said there is no compensation at this time for this defect, but they may have some sort of compensation for this in the future. Well we will see! If I have to PAY for Shipping Their Defective Part there needs to be some sort of compensation! oh well I will send the PSU off next Monday do to my family wants to play with the XboxOne this weekend! and for 15 days I will be on my PS4 loving it!! so far man, PS4 is edging out the XboxOne, I'm no fanboy I have both systems. I call it like it is.
Same thing happening here, i think i will wait before contacting for an exchange the will surely revise the PSU fan in 2014 i dont want to  have a replacement with same problem or even worse. If they do nothing i will open it up and replace the fan myself with something better.
This morning I woke up and noticed a buzzing or humming sound coming from the xbox one power supply. It's not loud but my room is dead quiet and it's annoyingly noticeable. The console is off, but I have the quick start up option enabled. Is there a problem with the power supply or is this normal? How can I fix this issue?
I've had 3 PSUs in total now. 2 make ticking noises that you can clearly hear in the room when the console is on standby. The other one did not tick, but it made an electrical buzzing/humming noise that's so loud I can hear it even over the top of gaming. Also, last night, my console itself started making the same sort of ticking/buzzing noises constantly. I've had enough of this now. I'm almost certainly going to be sending my system back to the retailer for a full refund.
Hi all I have a slight buzzing to and noticed if you squeeze the power supply it stops. You can try it. Squeeze the psu between the longest part and see if it stops it I have noticed the buzzing coming from one side of the psu the longest side with the led on it u just need to touch it and the buzzing stops on mine.  If it works try putting the psu on its side normally  with the led light facing into the floor this has stopped mine from buzzing altogether. I think there's something vibrating In The psu that causes the buzz, could be the part called the choke it's like a big coil that can cause this problem. If it's touching the side of the psu it could be causing the vibration which could cause the buzzing or it might be when you squeeze the psu you are stoping the vibration. Try it and see what happens. A couple of options. 1 get some sort of clamp and have the clamp squeeze the psu slightly to stop the buzz or 2 put the psu on its side led facing to the floor but using something to raise the psu so the vents are not trapped as the sights of the psu on its side stops the buzzing. Al my friends psu buzz on there xbox ones at some degree and I agree that the psu on the xbox one is made very cheaply and should not be doing this. I think it's a design flaw and hopefully will be sorted out in the future. I think we might have to put up with it or send them back. But at least I can make mine go silent by doing above so keeping it.
LEE, I noticed the same thing you did - applying very slight pressure makes the brick go silent. I only found out because when initially heard the noise for the first time, I went over and picked up the brick to examine it and make sure it was that and not the console. Upon doing so, I noticed it got almost silent. The second you let go, though, it's back to full volume.
LEE69UK, BleClair12, tried as well. Little pressure as described changes the sound, however it does not goes away. But the problem is that this may has some impact on the fan. So I suggest to either send it back for replacement or wait for cheaper PSU that you take apart and put normal fan in it.
I created a custom wallpaper for myself that is a photo collage of my daughter. It's 12 photos in a grid with a black box with white text in the middle. It's been my wallpaper for a few weeks now. But since my IOS upgrade its gone all black
Upgraded to IOS 7.1 (Iphone 4). After the upgrade was complete and I changed my wallpaper I noticed that the system is darkening the top of my wallpapers. I do not like it and want to turn this "feature" off.
screen suddenly went black
How to open carplay on my 5c
Some texts go through and are actually received but many others are not even though the sender phone shows it to be delivered.   All seem to arrive to iPad device, however.
FaceTime isn't working. I call people and it will answer real quick and then hang up. Everytime I answer a factime it quickly answers and then hangs up. What needs to be done for FaceTime to work
Many of my friends have received the new update but every time I go to software general settings to get the update it doesn't appear, it just keeps saying checking for update it's been like that for several weeks now
Alright, here's my problem.  I recently sold my old phone to a friend, and somehow he synced his contacts to my iCloud account.  I still have my old contacts in a local backup that I can restore from, but as soon as I turn iCloud back on, it automatically resyncs *FROM* iCloud and I get his contacts again.  So my question is, how can I sync my contacts *TO* iCloud from my restored phone without downloading his first?
I cannot get my iPhone 5 to print to my wireless printer.  Any suggestions?
My iphone "Notes" (just some of them, not all) that I had disappeared after I synced with my computer and are no longer on my iphone or my computer.  Are they still located somewhere?
I have one symbol on top of right hand corner on my iPhone 4 that looks like lock symbol cover with arrow. I want to know what thats mean and I want remove so please give me advise.
what a symbol of a lock with an arrow...: Apple Support Communities
Someone stole my phone and jailbroke it , and i finally got it back and dropped it today . Is there anyway i can get my phone fixed and back to normal?
The warranty does not cover either jailbroken phones nor broken screens. 
No, the warranty doesn't cover jail breaking or accidental damage. In fact, jail breaking completely voids the warranty.
Is there anyway i can make my phone normal?
I've turned my phone off completely but it doesn't fix it and all of my software is up to date and I can't fix it and I have no idea how to. When you're typing it will click something else or go to a different app or lag, or type something like a letter or two then send it without me pressing send and it's honestly frustrating. Can anyone help me fix this?
I subscribe to a podcast on my phone and on my computer (itunes).  I downloaded and listened to an episode on my phone then deleted it.  Later I was on my computer and refreshed the podcasts on itunes.  The podcast I already listened to and deleted then downloaded on my computer.
You should delete if from itunes on your computer as well
anyway to turn off the exchange passcode lock on the iphone 5c?
Before I upgraded my phone I could connect it to the computer with a USB cord and download all the pictures on to my phone. Now it wont after I upgraded it. It wont even be recognized in Itunes! What is wrong?
If you have connected your device to your computer and it does not appear in the side bar in iTunes then for Windows computers read http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1538 or if you have a MAC then read http://support.apple.com/kb/ts1591 for troubleshooting steps.
does warranty cover iphone 5 water damage?
No. The warranty covers manufacturer defects only.
you know how much it cost to repair it at the apple store? thanks
US apple store rate to get an Out of Warranty replacement is $269.00 for an iPhone 5.
Why FaceTime is not working?
Activating Facetime and Imessages on your phone requires the ability to send SMS messages and depending upon where you are that might be an international SMS.  Check with your carrier to see if your plan supports sending of international SMS messages.  If you are having trouble activating Facetime or Imessages turn them both off on your device and reset the device (Hold down the Sleep/Wake button and the home button together until the apple logo appears (ignore the ON/OFF slider) then let both buttons go and wait for device to restart (no data will be lost)).  Wait for the device to restart and wait a minute and turn Facetime and imessage back on and wait for activation.  If that does not fix things read the following articles:
i want my old ibooks and ios6 back.
No official way to download firmware on ios devices
In app store you must download the new version
Doesn't work with iOS6 - hence the original question
If you didn't download the iBooks app before it was upgraded to require iOS 7, then there's no way you can get it now.
I have a 4S iPhone.  The new update 7.1 makes nothing work and my battery life literally has been cut to one-third of the time.  I want to restore it back to the original settings ... back to the old operating system.  Then I will add all of my contacts back, etc.  So I backed everything up, now what?  Just click that restore button and hope for the best?  How do I add items back in from the backup?
Can someone plz help me
I have erased my entire music list and resynced from my laptop. After doing this, the songs have remained on my phone and still play but instead of being saved to the phone, they are saved to iCloud. I just want to get rid of these songs! I have tried to swipe left but delete refuses to show up. I have deleted the songs I don't want from iTunes but my phone refuses to let them go. The songs are no where in iTunes but they remain on my phone. I don't know what else to do. I don't want to ever hear these songs again. Please help me!
I have the iphone 5c and I am unable to make a group message with both iphone and android users. Along with not being able to send or recieve pictures from android users. Please help me
How can I change my security questions?
Click here for information. If you can't reset them through the method described in that article or by sending yourself a rescue email(the email may take a few hours to arrive), contact the iTunes Store staff via the link in the 'Additional Information' section.
Can someone plz help me
My facetime isnt working
Everytime i try to to facetime it says connecting then it just ends . My wifi is working just fine&amp; my friends are saying that theirs are doing the same thing.
How do I transfers old text messages from Iphone 4 to iphone 5.
moving info
I found a thread that have the same problem like you. https://discussions.apple.com/message/24413528#24413528
I just got an Iphone 5C, and it's having trouble connecting to my home wireless network. Any Suggestion?
I have an iPhone 4s and an iPhone 5s and I want to transfer the data between them but every time I plug my iPhone 4s into the computer to sync to iTunes it says to either start as a new iPhone or restore as a back up. How do I just sync it to the computer without doing any of that to transfer data?
home button not working while phone was not in use it would go to voice command randomly
Other than MyGlass, other apps for google glass, when will they be available?
Ask google.
 have read that Costco changed its RETURN policy on exchanges (the former policy allowed returns (for full refund) on electrioncs for up to 6 months). I was wondering what the EXCHANGE policy was for electronics, but I have not been able to find any information. For the record, I'm hoping to exchange a TV I purchased in August...any info. would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
Hello i am a Costco employee that works in the electronics dept. The return policy is: 90 days on TV's, computers, Mp3 players, and Cameras. on TV's and computers you have a 2 year warranty from the dare of purchase. To contact the warranty service you can call 1-866-861-0450. On all other items in the warehouse you can return it in a reasonable amount of time.<<(this can vary from person to person depending on how often you return).
Costco photo center was recently updated to better our user experience. Though the editing features are cool, it appears they've removed the ability to let you download the original picture files for backup purposes. I talked to tech support and all they suggested was that I buy a CD from costco. Yeah right! Those were my photos in the first place! I want them back! Costco has stolen my photos, and they're holding them hostage in return for money. DON'T USE COSTCO PHOTOCENTER.
The "original picture files" the originals should be stored on your hard drive, costco does not store the photos for you to come back later and back them up, you are simply transmitting your photo over the internet to the location of your choice and a computer in that location (which by the way can not make a "back up" of the original) where all that computer can do is print them from the machine. To say costco steals simply because your are not a genuis with your computer,,,,just plain infintile!
I've worked in the photo department of Costco and cannot believe you wrote and said Costco steals. What scares me even more is if you believe this. Did you not save it on your hard drive. Do not try to pass your ignorance on to someone else.
I bought a laptop about 50 days ago, but the video card isn't exactly working for me...the problem is I use a relative's Costco Membership card. Does anyone know whether they would give me store credit or a normal refund?
 bought a 46" Sony LCD Bravia TV Jan 27, 2010 from Costco and paid $ 999.99 plus tax. On February I received a coupon and the TV I bought was on sale. I went back to Costco Feb 13 and asked the customer service that I want to return the TV and get the same TV to take advantage of the sale price - the guy told me that I do not have to return the TV that they can adjust my receipt. They refunded me the whole amount and paid them the new price and the receipt was dated feb 13. The TV is shutting off by itself- I called Costco and reported them that the TV is shutting off by itself-it is not even 3 months, told them I would like to return it - they said it is over 90 days - returns is not accepted the tv went out of the store Jan 27. My Feb receipt is not honored - this policy stinks. They said they will replaced my TV with a refurbised one - this stinks too!. I was so dissapointed - I will never recommend to anyone especially my friends to buy any electronic items from Costco - not worth it.
90 days is 90days. Of course they are not going to honor your Feb receipt. You were lucky to get the adjusted amount. And Costco does not sell refurbished tv's.
Did you use the warranty service? You have free repairs for 2 years, and on a tv of that size they will come to your house. If it is deemed unrepairable, the concierge program will authorize a return. Hope this helped.
"""
Dear Ruben,

Thank you for your e-mail to Costco Wholesale. All orders or items over two years old is up to the discretion of the warehouse or online Returns department. Since these orders are past the 2 year time frame they would be denied.

Thank you,

Tryfena 
Costco Wholesale Corporation"
The person feeling put out by the ninety day return limit? Try going to any other electronics retailer eight-five days latter and try returning your electronic whatever! Good Luck! Costco's return policy is one of the best in the business and I, for one, appreciate it. As for stomping off to Sam's. Here, you wouldn't have to worry about crowds. There's hardly anyone in the place. I actually find myself feeling a bit sorry for them. I know several Sam's in the Phoenix metro area have closed.
I bought a 50" Panasonic plasma at Costco the weekend before thanksgiving...my 4 year old son threw a toy airplane at the screen...obviously the TV now has a shatter mark on it...it's been less than 90 days...would Costco accept a return???
Hi Elizabeth,Most likely your Costco will not take back product with unfortunate damages, such as cracked screens, phones dropped in toilets, etc., but that is why they have the free warranty for the product. Just contact the Costco Concierge or Technical Support and see what options you have. Hope this helps.
 buy all of my Electronic items from Costco.Their return policy is excellent and fair. I agree with one of the writers who said "Try bringing back any electronic item to other stores and see if they'll give you credit for it".
i gat my laptop at costco back in agust 2008 the computer is been not great, is on and off all the time so last knight i went to costco the one in h st in chula vista and they told me that they can not do anything about it! now i stuck with my lap top!! any suggestion what to do???
when did change the policy ?? i remember it used for no matter how long was the time they still can take care of you! that was great it seems that this company it was not only to make money it was to take care of consumers! i know this store make over a half a million dlls every day! thanks to of all us! now they just want to keep their own policy for 90 days it sucks! now they became like every body else!!
Is it necessary to have a current Costco membership for the two year warranty to be valid? I purchased a TV just over a year ago which is now having problems but my Costco membership has since lapsed. If necessary I may elect to renew my membership before logging the warranty claim. Does anyone know whether not having an active membership is an issue?
So Costco's Return policy is based on the whim of whatever manager is there that day. It's now called the "Whim Policy". Target 90 day policy is better than that. I think I will start making all my major purchases at KOHLS, Bed Bath and Beyond, and JCP for their rock solid return policy. There is no point in going to Costco anymore when you can get the same price point on food items at Aldi and you don't have to buy in bulk or pay a membership fee. Sorry Costco you lose.
"Dear Amy,We appreciate you taking the time to email Costco Wholesale.We apologize for the confusion. Our full return policy is this:""With few exceptions, Costco has a 100% guarantee on all of our merchandise.
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply return the product and packaging, along with the receipt, if possible, to your local Costco warehouse.
Exceptions:
Televisions, projectors, computers, cameras, camcorders, touch screen tablets, iPod/MP3 players, cellular phones, and any item that is restricted by law. Please visit your local membership counter for details.""What Lorinda is referring to is that while our policy is obviously liberal in it's scope, there are times when the location will exersize descretion on some returns when needed based on the context of the return itself. In other words, our local warehouse managers are vested with substantial discretion to accommodate member requests in a wide variety of contexts based on the facts and circumstances. Our policies help guide the exercise of that discretion but do not strictly dictate all outcomes.I hope this helps.Thank you, Dug Costco Wholesale Corporation"
Doug you don't know what your talking about. I too work for Costco.com and unless this product is damaged and can find no way to fault the customer there is no return.
i bought my laptop like two weeks ago from costco and i guess my brother accidentally broke the screen will costcos 90 day warranty cover thiss??
I purchased an HP Laptop 11 mos ago from Costco for my (college student) son for Christmas last year. It stopped working a couple of days ago due, apparently, to a power circuit chip failure. Will Costco allow a replacement or an upgrade (with added money)? I don't recall if my son's mother got any extended warranty but I'll find out. I have the receipt. Very frustrating.
I cannot believe most of the whining I am reading on here about returning items purchased years ago that Costco no longer extends an open ended return policy to. IT'S NOT A RENTAL COMPANY. Buy the item and be a responsible person. Costco offers the square trade and concierge service- GET IT! And tell me where else you would even have the nerve to try and return anything years old and broken? The whole point of Costco is to keep costs down. Your 7 year old computer is not working? Suck it up and but a new one like everyone else.
Does anyone know when the Costco in Colorado Springs is opening? Thanks!
April 2008 for sure, and they are talking about another one in Aug. or 2008 as well.
We bought a 13 gal tochless trash can in April this the lid will not work now . It has VST on the lid. Anyone know where we can get a new lid or get this fixed ? Tim
Absolutely. Bring it back to Costco and get a refund. They will take anything back.
Hello, from Colorado Springs, I cannot find anything either on employment. If you find something please email me and if I find something out I'll email you also. I can be reached at happyhorsehunter@comcast.net Thanks
They have a large sign that can be seen if you are going north on Powers indicating a grand opening date of February 21st. And you can apply online at www.costco.com . At the top right of the page click on the locations link. Then click on the employment opportunities link at the left of the page. Scroll down to Warehouses, Depots and other Businesses. Find the clicking here link. You can then input your zip code and the new lopcation will be there.
I am an hourly employee in an ancillary department at Costco Wholesale. I would love to get some feedback on what Costco's true policy on scheduling hourly employees is. I have worked for Costco for a little over 10 years and opened the warehouse I work in and have the most seniority in my department. Along with having the most seniority and being full time I am a VERY hard worker (the most accurate and efficient employee in my dept.) and I am always on time and I NEVER call in sick. I am very frustrated with the way that my manager writes the schedule to say the least, she doesn't believe that seniority plays a role in writing the schedule and feels that every employee (full and part time) should be treated as equals, and work equal closing shifts and Saturday shifts. I feel that after over 10 years with a company I have earned a more "preferential" schedule as my handbook clearly states I have earned. When I started with Costco I was a part time employee (under a different manager) and for almost 4 years I worked EVERY Saturday and all of my shifts were closing shifts, I was OK with working that schedule because I was part time and just starting with this company. My current managers way of thinking is disheartening to me, I feel like it doesn't matter how long I stay with this company and how good of an employee I am I will be scheduled the same as if I was a part time employee that has only been with the company a month; I also don't think it's good for new employees to start working and immediately assume an entitled attitude...I had to work years to earn mine :). I have expressed my concerns several times to my manager and nothing has been done, I would love to hear some advice on what I should or can do about this?? I have debated talking to my store manager but am afraid to make waves. Am I wrong in feeling that I have earned a better schedule after all of these years?? Suggestions?
The employee agreement states that you have preference when it comes to scheduling, but that doesnt mean you will get all the shifts you want. If another fulltime employee has a schedule you want, you can demand it using your seniority. Lately Costco managers have been "poisoning" all schedules to shut the noisy junior and part-time employees up (thats why everything looks equal) They say in the manual that they value their senior employees and junior and part time employees, but the language is so vague that managers have found tricky ways to get around it. I have had to go to corporate recently because my manager wanted to shove an employee from another department (failed marketer) into my department and make all of us work in other departments for one week each month to make up for the huge payroll problem that this "soft landing" would create. I am senior to this person by 5 years. I told someone in the personel dept at Issaquah that this was happening, and they said they would get back to me. Within an hour, our whole department was in the office, hearing "this was just an idea, and we were never going to force anyone to do anything they werent comfortable with, yadda, yadda yadda... Sometimes making noise in the right place can help..
Jess, we have had things like this happen in my store too. I am wondering what avenues you took? Did you go the route we are supposed to take starting with your dept, and going up, or did you go straight to the top? Have you had any retaliation? And were you anonymous?
I work in a warehouse with a 40% turnover with a bunch of kids. The warehouse is 5 years old. I have worked for Costco for 7. I had to take a transfer due to my parents health. Well these kids have no intention of retiring with Costco.I do and i lost all my sinority except my holidays. My assistant manager has being there 3 years!They work me 8days 2 off then 7 days 2 off what gives Costco does not treat there employees that great.I am 51 and tired of this garbage of how we are treated. I do not make that much due to medical and lost some raises.Last contract no raise for permanent parttime but the cost of living went up and so did costcos profit so why are you treating employees this way. I work hard and kids that have no sinority have more than me. I cannot wait to write my book on costco.Costco has there favorites and in the warehouse and they are treated there favorites by managers and supervisersWake up Costco and look at the hard workers and not these kids that come and go.
Hey does anyone know if Beltal is a real company? www.beltal.com They have many deals on there that just seem too good to be true. However they are wholesale. Please let me know, especially if someone has dealt with them before.
"Recently, a job offer from COSTCO appeared from my mailbox, after filling up necessary forms attached on it, a work permit and visa requirements form were sent to me. at this point, they were asking me usd800.00 processing fee for the working permit. it came from a certain Ambrose G. Williams (SJD), an immigration lawyer from Immigration Centre, Harper Woods, Michigan. The procesing fee, he said, should be remitted to a certain Mr. Leo Sean also from Immigation centre in michigan. At this point, i havent paid yet the amount asked until a confirmation of such offer from Costco is verified. Would someone could help me to verify this from COSTCO?
I need an answer very urgent.
thank you.
toby"
Who paid for Obama's college education & his Harvard Law School????
Tobi, i also received an employment contract in COSTCO particularly from Mr. Richard Galanti HR professional and referred me to Mr. Williams to processed my working permit. Can you get in tounc with me torresmilleth@yahoo.com or at 0927 2454540. Milleth Caloocan City
We see these two or three times a year in the yard. Usually under a pile of tree branches left from the winter storms,or under mulch when I'm weeding.Only found one in the house once, that was enough so now we spray the perimeter of the house every spring to detour all spiders and bugs.Black widows are pretty easy to tell apart from other spiders. It's almost as if you instinctively know they are different!
Costco, We would love to have you in New Milford. We won't give you the problems like Brookfield did.. Boy, Brookfield residents really messed this up. By By Costco.. Thanks Brookfield!
It would make more sense in this economy to find a location that will allow more services to be offered. The fact it did not or could not support a gas station meant the incremental benefit to Costco was minor. If the new sight will allow that service to be added, they will movr there. The store were too similar. no increase in services means no increase in revenue.
Need an info..I just came to US for 3 motnhs and got chocolates (Hersheys 36 bars and Snickers 36 bars) from Costco to take it to my country..I got it on Saturday and my flight is on Wednesday.. When i had packed them i realized that it exceeds allowed baggage weight and chocolates alone come to 20 kilos..Can i return some of them in sealed packs..Havent opened them atall...Will they be treated as perishable food items?
I went to costco warehouse a day before, I wife try to pay by her debit card, but the cashier insist refusing,"only under the member's name!". I am really confusing, is it always? could some one tell me something?
The member has the shopping priviledges, not the spouse unless they are named on account in which they would have their own card
Yea I can tell you something. Learn how to write. Talk about confusing!!
I won't tell you where I work, but I'll just tell you that it was for one of the big box retailers. I have a bunch of people on my Facebook page that are managers and coworkers. Some people found a link to my blog site and it got around work. Some thought it was the most hilarious blog they ever heard but others found it "repulsively offensive". It was very embarrassing to have to face these people at work judging me. Do they not realize what tongue and cheek humor is? After I refused to take the blog down they fired me arguing that I was not accurately representing the company with my views. I am thinking about fighting this but I'm scared as hell. Maybe you guys can tell me what you think by reading a few entries. Maybe they had a good point? Hell, what do I do?
it's about time Costco! we all need a little help during this time of our countrys fall from grace...
That is plain B.S. Who is going to pay the $50 annual membership fee? We the taxpayers
For example, does the Playstation 3 fall under the electronics 90-day policy now or is it still "lifetime"?
The Playstation 3 falls under the 90 day policy.
I just returned an Xbox 360 after a little over a year (without a receipt and no box) with no issues so I would guess the PS3 would fall in the same category.I called ahead of time and they said "No, problem just bring it back.
I can open music,apps,books everything else but when I try to open videos it will try and then it immediately goes back to the home screen. My wireless connection is fine. I can access all my apps,social network just not the videos. Anyone else having this problem??
I am trying to purchase a pair of shoes called dc villains color white/pink/silver sz9, when I do it bounces me to the black & blue ones?? I tried it on another pair to see if it does the same thing & it does. They do not say there not in stock. What can I do to get the ones I want?
"No way for any body here to know.

Put another size/color combo on your Wish List and check back later."
I only see the same 3 sizes, 5, 6 & 7 in any color. No other sizes. All sold by one seller, so you could contact them and ask why
My screen is broken on my Kindle and I am wondering if I can move my content from the Kindle to my PC?
Yes, check this "Transfer Files Via USB" http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=200375630
I received notice of an order zg2844462. I do not recognize this and cannot find out anything about it. Please help! Thank you
"thats not an amazon order number. seems like a phishing email
delete it"
Probably Spam, like so many others.
I note on my Discover card a charge of $79.00 for AmazonPrime Membership. I did not order this!!!!! Would you please check on this for me and let me know what is going on. Pat J.
Click the "Why was I charged $79?" link on this page on the right under Top 5 Questions.
"Concerning sales tax, I haven't been charged sales tax on items that were purchased directly from Amazon (other than specific suppliers or sellers who were located within my state) but this order had sales tax on the purchase. This particular order indicated Amazon as the supplier and not a specific company. Why the sales tax on this particular order....
Thanks,"
In the list of states for which Amazon collects sales tax, Indiana is one of them. It is possible that it was added recently, which is why you were not charged before. In most states, you are still responsible for paying the tax, so I prefer that Amazon collect it so I don't have to keep up with what I owe.
where is my stuff. Contact help is not working!!
We're customers, we don't know where your stuff is either. Have you looked at your order status in your account? Or tried the "How do I contact Customer Service" link on this very page?
i did that, but it said it was shipped. Im trying to contact with the amazon service,but i cant send a email
Ok, so you did the first thing J. Penrose suggested but obviously ignored the second, which was in fact the answer to the question you asked.
"Empty Battery" message on Kindle Keyboard model.Tried 2 different chargers but yellow light comes on for 10 seconds and quits. Charging not happening and sliding switch and holding 1 minute does nothing! Help please.
Plug it in and leave it alone for at least 30 minutes. Then if it is not on unplug it and hold the switch for 30 seconds. You haven't let it charge the battery enough to restart.
After the new update none of my book's pages will load the just show the circle. Even the books I know we're working before the update?
Have you already tried deleting that copy, and redownloading it again?
Yes I have when I try to turn the page it takes me to the rate this book section. This is on ask my book's both newly loaded and older books.
When you say 'after the update' do you mean you're viewing on a Droid or iOS app?
Yes via android app
It says when I select "go to" location that I am currently at location -1 (negative one) glitch perhaps? Though my progress meter says I'm at a normal page number.
"Amazon Customer, Have you had a chance to discuss this issue with our Kindle Support team? 

You can reach them by either clicking on the ""Contact Us"" button on the right-hand side of the page or by visiting this link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/kindle-help.html.

Keep me posted on how things go. Thank you!"
Is there anyway to download my titles and authors into excell to organize by mr favorite books or authors?
"Would this help?

Track books you've read - http://kindle.amazon.com/your_reading"
I am getting a lot of dictionaries from China, Spain etc. put into my library. I don't want to download them but the "action" icon will not let me delete them. How can I get rid of them?
You can't. They are part of the Kindle OS, and they are not on your devices unless you download them. Ignore them and they will fall off of the first page at MYK as you add more books.
Thank you.
Some emails I would like to keep, but not in emails as I might delete them by mistake
"Is this related to Amazon in some way?

All email services have methods of archiving."
"Do you mean, messages with sellers here on your Amazon account?
Or, might you be speaking of using email functions through a Kindle Fire, perhaps. 

Need more info :) 

Don't POST your email address, but if it is a Kindle related question, and you decide to visit out Kindle Help Forum for help, be sure to post what *model* Kindle you have, as well as what *type* of email address you are trying to manage, like hotmail, gmail, whatever. 

http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums/kindleqna"
My prime membership renewed today. I thought I had til the end of today to cancel apparently not. How do I get this fixed
You can cancel it yourself through your account page or talk to someone at Amazon. Use the big orange "Contact Us" button to the right or one of the phone numbers in the "How do I contact Customer Service?" link a couple of inches above the button to do that.
When I upload a compilation album to the Amazon Cloud Drive, I expect to see all the tracks from the album under a single album ilsting. Instead, I see a separate album listing for each artist. This is frustrating when I want to listen to a compilation. What can I do, short of lumping all my MP3's under "Various Artists", to get all the tracks in a single compilation album into a single album listing?
"MP3 support
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=200143320

To give suggestions:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/features-and-services.html

Cloud Player support:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/music-downloads.html?&browse_node_id=200143320

The best place to request a website feature change is:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_gw_T7_feat?ie=UTF8&nodeId=16465201#"
"I have a friend that has a wishlist. I wish to buy something for her but the ship to address keeps coming up as my own.
I can't find and option to ship it directly to her. She says her shipping info is there and it should provide that option. 
Would this be something wrong with her info or something else on her end or am i missing something here."
"It sounds like something is going on here. I suggest reaching out to our Customer Support team, they'll be able to see why the address is coming up with yours and not hers. To contact our team directly, please use the yellow ""Contact Us"" button to the right of this page.

Let me know what they say, I'm interested in seeing what's going on!"
I have received an email from amazon.com with an order number and a zip file. I didn't order anything on the day listed in the email. Is this a scam.
Yes, it phishing e-mail that has been rampant in the past few weeks. Don't click on any links or on the zip file. Just delete it.
"I'm looking to order a computer part, but shipping is 2-5 weeks even though it says there is free 2 day shipping.
How does that work?"
Once it is available (in 2-5 weeks), it will be shipped to you via 2-day shipping. The shipping speed doesn't change the availability of a product.
Where do I forward fraudulent emails claiming to be from amazon?
Your Trash folder.
Why won't Amazon prime movies play with my dock and view? Netflix plays. I am using your app. And it won't play. When I use netflix's app it works with no problem.
"Rick - What sort of device are you talking about? As Delos said, I'd recommend creating a new thread about your issue, including that information to help us, help you.

You're always welcome to speak with one of our Amazon Instant Video specialists as well, they'd be happy to help. You can reach us by using this link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/contact-us/?initialIssue=digital-order&nodeId=3757&ref=cssoc_FM_CU_3757.

I look forward to reading your next post!"
Trying to download an app and it is taking an extremely long time. How can you stop something when it is downloading?
I might be able to find some steps for you, I'll just need to know some information. Can you let me what device you're downloading the app on? What's the name of the app you are trying to download? Make sure you're connected to a strong network, this will allow the app to complete the process quicker.
I've got a Kindle - How do I download movies onto it???
I'm trying to access a document that was sent via whispersync. After I registered to whispersync, I was told it would be delivered to my kindle directly. However, the document is not showing up in my "Manage Your Kindle' library or on my kindle. I've tried on my iPad, iPhone and on the kindle app on my Mac. Nothing is working. Help?
I went to "manage your kindle" and found a ton of different dictionaries in all languages. I do not need these nor do i want them in there. When i went to delete them it does not give me that option... why is that and how do i get them deleted?
Amazon provides foreign language dictionaries and User Guides that support the multi-language features on your Kindle free of charge. They aren't downloaded onto your Kindle and are taking up no space. If you aren't going to use them, just ignore them. You can't delete them. They are almost a part of the operating system. They will soon drift to the bottom of your list of books, and you won't see them.
Does the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 provide a hotspot when it is running on a 3G or 4G Lte data line?
I was expecting to have prime charge automatic. Why did my prime just quit and I did not receive an email or something telling me it expired?
An order was placed this morning by someone else and charged to my account. I tried to cancel but they said no guarantee?
How do I disconnect my account?
I can open music,apps,books everything else but when I try to open videos it will try and then it immediately goes back to the home screen. My wireless connection is fine. I can access all my apps,social network just not the videos. Anyone else having this problem??
When you choose a size, it automatically "grays out" the options that are not available in that size. 9 isn't available now in white/pink/silver.
Trying to place an order over $35 and retailmenot says it might be free shipping but does not come up free?
Super Saver Shipping requires at least $35 of ELIGIBLE items, shipping to a single US address, and you have to also "choose" the free shipping option on the checkout screen (it is not the default).
I purchassed a $200 gift card for my employee. He signed on his Amazon accout and tried to redeam it. It took the $200 from the gift card but did not show up at check out. He called on 3 occasions and all 3 of the customer service people were nice and said they would fix the problem. Two weeks go by and no fix. I called and the nice customer sevice person said she would fix it and credit the $200 in my employee's amazon account. Did not happen. Harlan from the gift card department needed my authorization to credit my emoployee's account. He said to email him with my employee's email address and he would take care of it. I replyed to his email and gave it to him. I then got an email back saying Harlan's email that I repled to did not accept emails. I called again and the nice customer service person said she was sorry and would take care of this. My employee's account would be credited within 48 hours. Did not happen. Now I have been trying to find the screen where I put my phone number in and they call me. It has been an hour and I still can't find that screen and there is no 800 number to be found on their site. Help, I'm frustrated, I feel cheated and my employee is disapointed because he cannot use the gift card. I have spent a total of 3-4 hours on the phone and feel I have no where to go but give my employee the cash and never deal with Amazon.com again.
Unfortunately nobody here can help you. This is a customer-to-customer discussion forum, not a way to reach Amazon Customer Service to escalate this issue. The only way to talk to them is the same way you have been doing so.
The link to the right titled "How Do I Contact Customer Service?" has phone numbers and instructions on using the orange CONTACT US button.
How do I delete my shopping cart?
Basically, for no obivous reason (i.e. buying something), Amazon has charged me 50 cents everyday for the past week. Why? What can I do about it?
how turn off private browsing in my ipad? i'm trying to read in my ipad but the cloud reader ask me to tour off private browsing
Go to SETTINGS and it is in the SAFARI section. Why don't you just install the Kindle Reading app instead of using the browser?
how do you delete if you no longer want titles to appear on home screen? 
Although I try to deliver a book to windows 8 in order to read it, the book continues to go the cloud reader, why? How do I deliver it to windows 8? 
I ordered a something and it was unable to be delivered due to an error in the address and is now being returned to the sender. is there any way for me to have them resend the package? and if not will the money be refunded to me?
If you ordered it from Amazon they will cancel the order and refund your payment when they receive and process the return. If you bought it from a third-party seller you can go to the order in your order history and click the "Contact Seller" button to tell them about the problem and see what they'll do for you.
If i buy the new album on amazon, can i download it to my nokia lumia and play it on that device?
I want to be able to take pictures w/my kindle fire is there away to do that?
What model do you have? Only the 1st generation Kindle Fire HD (2012) and the Kindle Fire HDX models have cameras. If you have an original Kindle Fire or a 2nd generation Kindle Fire HD (2013) , there is no camera on the device and you can't add one.
Was wondering if placing 73,000 for my comment ranking is good or not. I know I went from like 400,000 to 73,000 and want to keep getting lower. Any suggestions on how to do that?
I purchased my 8 year old a Kindle for Christmas and added her to my Amazon account. Problem is, is that when I get on her kindle and go to the Kindle store, you can see everything I have downloaded on my cloud (some things not being age appropriate). I tried setting the parental controls on hers but problem with that is then she can't view the books that I have allowed her to download onto her kindle. Is there a way to block her from seeing the cloud on her kindle but still leave it active on my kindle?
Why do I have to reload the cloud player a couple times before it brings up my playlist? The screen is mostly blank other than the cloud player logo and settings options, which also doesnt work until I reload the page.
just need to know how much the kindle white with 3G weighs.. before I make a decision about buying it..? 
How can I order from Amazon by phone?
I have been having difficulty with streaming from my prime instant video account my internet provider assures me that it is not a problem on there end so I am wondering if the program has a trouble shooting program I could use.
The Support Team from the Digital Video Department should be able to help you figure it out: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/digital-video.html?nodeId=3757 
How can I get rid of say a Japanese Dictionary which I will never want. In the actions in Kindle Library you can get rid of some books.
You can't delete the foreign language users guides and dictionaries because they're part of the Kindle system.
I have an Amazon account and an Audible.com account. My husband purchased an Amazon.com gift card knowing that Amazon now owned Audible believing the gift card could be used at either or both. I noticed that when I entered another visa "gift card" on audible it also appeared on amazon - what?????????????? So what's up guys? Can't you make ALL gift cards work on both accounts?
I have been trying to cancel my prime membership before they charged. I click end membership and get a partial screen asking when I want to cancel but there is no way to answer. They took the money out of my account but shouldn't have. What can I do now. I don't want this.
Use the Orange "Contact Us" button to the right of this page to contact Customer Service. >>>
My screen is broken on my Kindle and I am wondering if I can move my content from the Kindle to my PC?
Yes, check this "Transfer Files Via USB" http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=200375630
We have 2 accounts and want to know how we join them so we can share kindle books.
How do I get in contact with Buy-Batteris to use my warrantee?
Have you looked for a website? Check your spelling first though.
I received notice of an order zg2844462. I do not recognize this and cannot find out anything about it. Please help! Thank you
I have a I pad. And I would like to know if I can download a book from amazon to this Apple I pad ?
I have purchased Hawaii 50 seasons 1-3. i would now like to watch Season 4 - will I have to pay $1.99 each for a total of about $48.00 or will it cap at about $35 like the other seasons
Yes. Install the free Kindle app from iTunes on the iPad and register it to your Amazon account. Then if you buy a Kindle book you'll see it in the Cloud view on that app and be able to tap on it to download and read it.
where is there a cusutomer phone number or email address for customer service?
On the back of your credit card. Amazon doesn't handle issues with the credit card because they have nothing to do with it.
how to sign out of my amazon account?
We bought this refrigerator about a year ago. We bought a Sears Protection plan with it. Within the first year, we have already had 5+ service calls on issues with the icemaker. Sears technicians come out and replace different parts each time but are never able to resolve this issue. Each time it takes about 2 weeks to get an appointment and 3 weeks to get a part. Meanwhile water is POURING out the ice dispenser and is starting to puddle in the floor causing me to worry about the floor damage this is doing. This refrigerator is really a hunk of junk and Sears is not standing by the products they sell. This is a huge black eye on this refrigerator AND on Sears. The manufacturer should recall this fridge and Sears should pull it off their floor.
"Hi there, tmilton3! Thanks for reaching out on the MySears Community today. I am sorry to hear of the troubles you have been having with your almost new refrigerator. I have passed your concerns along to the SearsCares team, who will be happy to discuss this with your further.
A team member will be by shortly looking to help. As soon as a response is posted, I will be sure to contact you via email to let you know.
Thanks!"
"Dear tmilton3,
Thank you for posting today and letting us know about the issues you experience with your refrigerator ice maker and the multiple service visits. We strive to provide quality products for all of our members and can see how these experiences have left you dissatisfied. At this time we would like to speak with you directly about this matter. Please send the following information – the name and phone # used at time of purchase, as well add the screen name to reference your post (tmilton3), to smadvisor@searshc.com. We look forward to speaking with you soon.
Thank you,
Isaac D.
MySears Community Moderator."
In the past several weeks, my remotes (both) for my garage door have begun to work intermittently, i.e., sometimes they will open the door, but more often not. First I thought it was the batteries, so I replaced both. This did not fix the issue. To close the door now, I have to hit the button on the wall, then run and jump over the sensor beam. I also thought that the issue was related to cold weather in the morning, but that doesn’t seem to be it either. I cleaned the lens on both sensors with glass cleaner, still not working. I examined the green lights on the sensors: On one sensor, I found that when I crossed its path, the light would turn off. On the other sensor, the green light stays constantly on. From reading another post on this forum, it appears that this is the correct operation of the sensor lights? Meanwhile, I do not know what to do about this problem. So far anyways, the problem is restricted to door closing via the remotes. When I get home and click the button on the remote, the door opens fine. Is there a fix?
Hi there, email! Thanks for your question today! I am sure the Garage Door Expert can diagnose what is happening with your opener. If you could also provide the model number, that would be useful so the answer you receive will be as accurate as possible.He will be by in just a bit with a reply. As soon as that is posted, I will be sure to reach out to you via email to let you know. Thanks!
If both remotes have the same problem then I suspect the problem is with the Logic board on the main unit. Before we go down that path please reply with a model number of the unit and the type of remotes you have. A sensor problem would also affect the keyless entry as well as the remotes. One thing to try is to releas the door and see if the motor will move the track when the remotes are pressed. Please reply with a model number and we will check history of this problme
"I am also having a problem with my Key pad and both new remotes> they will not ‘hold’ the code to open and close my craftsman garage door opener! 139.536758RT2
I have reprogramed the 2 recently new remotes (the old ones lasted 15 yrs) and they have worked like a charm for about 6 weeks until the past 7-8 days. Of course I have changed the batteries and reprogrammed them…sometimes they work for 30min and sometimes they hold the code for 12 hours but I cant live with that! As far as the keypad…I can’t get it to take the code that I’ve used on it for the past 10months and not sure how to erase it either. Can you help me? Is the unit just worn out? thanks."
"Hey pafaust9591! Thanks for posting your question on MySears today. Our Garage Door Expert will be by in just a bit with a suggestion or two for your opener. As soon as he posts that reply, I will send you an email to let you know.
Thanks!"
pafaust959, I’m sorry you are having this problem with the GDO. Based on the information listed this would lead to a defective logic board. I would recommend to first, try erasing all codes and then reprogram the new remotes again. Follow the information listed on page 33 in the owner’s manual. If the problem still occurs with both remotes, the logic board # 41A5021-3G will probably need to be replaced. If you would like to have a technician check this, you can call 1-800-469-4663 to schedule a tech to come out. I hope this will help you.
"Thank you for your reply, here is the information you requested:
Model number: 139.53675SRT1
Serial number: 04485C00681
Mfg date: 1/98
1/2 horsepower
The remotes are also Craftsman, grey in color, with three bluish green buttons:
Remote 1:
Date: 03/02
139.53681B
Remote 2:
Date: 07/03
139.53681B"
"Hi email, Thank you for the model numbers and if the door will close with the wired mounted wall switch and not with the remotes I would recommend the logic board be replaced.
The wall switch bypasses the safety circuits for the sensors. If the sensors are both lit up and stay lite up when you use the remote to close the door the sensors are good. Make sure the railings for the door are not moving and throwing the sensors off alignment. So if the rails are not moving and the sensors stay light up when closing It points to the logic board, Here is the link for the board, http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-number/Craftsman-Parts/Garage-door-opener-Parts/41A5021-2/0009/139/Model-13953675SRT1/0247/0718000?keySuffixId=&pathTaken=partSearch&pathRender=modelComponent&documentCompId=P0090191&diagramPageId=00002&productTypeId=&searchModelNumber=13953675SRT1&subCompDesc=Opener%20assembly&brandDesc=CRAFTSMAN&modelDesc=GARAGE%20DOOR%20OPENER&blt=11&shdMod=13953675SRT1&keyId=6 ..Thank you for contacting Sears."
Sorry for the delayed reply as I was out of town. I discovered something new with regard to the garage door. When I jiggle the wire that connects from the sensor with the green light on it, the light goes on and off, I think there’s a short in it. Could this be causing the issue?
Hi, Yes from what you are saying I would believe the sensor wires are shorted and causing you this problem.
What would I need to do to fix the short in the wire? The wire goes from the sensor directly into the wall…
"Hi The wires can be replaced completely but I would check the spots where the wires are stapled to the wood or wall. Any wire you use should be the same size as the orginial sensor wire. Or you could purchase a new set of semsors which comme with the wire attachecd. Here is the link to the sensors, http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-number/41A5034/0009/139?pathTaken=directMatch&filterPart=&pop=flush&prst=0&shdPart= …Thank you for contacting Sears.
"
"I have a 7 year old Kenmore Elite dishwasher, model no. 665. Yesterday, it stopped working and the light on Normal Wash and Cancel/Drain are blinking red. I can’t figure out how to reset it. (I believe is did this once previously about a month ago, but I was able to get it working again…. not sure how.)
Any suggestions for how to fix this?"
"Hi there, efradin! Thanks for visiting MySears today with your question. I am sure our Appliance Expert can guide you to getting your dishwasher working again. He will be by in just a bit with a reply.

Thanks!"
"Here is a key dance that may get you going again:
1. Hold “Normal Wash” and “Start” together for 10 sec.
2.: Press “Air Dry” and “High Temp Scrub” back and forth until “Quick Rinse” button turns on solid.
3.: Press “Normal Wash” again followed by “Start.”
4.: Let machine run until you see green “Clean” light come on.
5.: Press “Normal Wash” again and “Start” again.
If you still have a problem you may need to call for service or reply with a complete model number for further assistance.

Thanks Ron H."
"Ron,

Thanks so much for your quick response! I realized that I didn’t help by not giving you the full model number of my machine. (Some of the buttons you mention in your response are not on my machine.)

My model number is: 665.13859K601

Thanks again!"
"Thank you for the model number. Sometimes the control can be reset by disconnecting the power for 30 seconds and then reconnecting it. If the problem still occurs, place the unit into a diagnostic mode for a few minutes and then cancel it. To invoke the Diagnostics Cycle, perform the following key presses in less than 6 seconds while in standby:
Heated Dry ? Normal ? Heated Dry ? Normal
This method will normally reset the control but it will not correct the actual problem. So, if the unit starts and then quits again, a technician will need to make this check and repair. You can call 1-800-469-4663 to schedule a tech to come out. I hope this will help you."
"Thanks so much for your assistance. I did get the dishwasher to initiate a Diagnostics Cycle. After that, we were able to use it to wash a load of dishes. When that load was completed, all looked normal, until about 2 hours after the machine finished, at which point the Normal Wash button came back on, as a solid red. I was able to get that light to go out by hitting the Cancel button. Not sure how long (or if) the button will remain off.

Does all of this mean anything? If it doesn’t sound good, would it make sense to purchase a new electronic front panel and install it? Thanks again for your help."
"Hello efranin, as mentioned by Expert Scott, if the key dance does not solve the issue of the lights blinking or flashing more serious conditions exist. One of which could be the control itself. Without a full inspection by a technician I cannot tell you that just replacing the control will completely fix the dishwasher.

Thanks Ron H."
Thanks for your help. I realize that you have no way of knowing for sure what the problem is without sending a tech here, but I would really like to try to do this repair myself, if possible. The odd thing is that the dishwasher will work normally intermittently. After it ran its last cycle, it started flashing the Normal Wash button, and seemed frozen again. I turned the power on and off, and the next morning we were able to hit Start and it started to run normally. If you had to make an educated guess about what is wrong, is it more likely that replacing the electronic control (#8562996) or the dishwasher control (#W10062230)would fix the problem? Thanks!
efradin thank you for your updated information and your patience. Intermittent problem can indeed by frustrating to deal with for both the technician and owner. Here are some things to consider. The keydance sequence to run a diagnostic test for this particular unit is Heated Dry-Normal-Heated Dry-Normal. This may be helpful to you in the future. When the unit stops and the led lights are blinking over the wash or cancel/drain keypads it usually indicates a shorted keypad on the console. A blinking light over the Start/REsume keypad might indicate the door has opened during the cycle. Open, close the door and press the Start/Resume keypad. From the description you give I suspect the console with stuck keypads is the problem. Next time the problem come up try to select various cycles and options and see if you can do so. A shorted/stuck keypad problem might be cured by removing the console and accessing the main control board. With the power to the dishwasher turned off a technician might first try to remove the ribbon connector from the main board then plug it back in with the idea of getting a better connection. Replacing the console would be the next step. The console comes in colors. A Black console 8572838 can be obtained from the following link: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/part-number/8572838/0022/665?pathTaken=directMatch&filterPart=&pop=flush&prst=0&shdPart= . I hope this helps. Removing the console can be a do-it-yourself project if you are comfortable with such things. Be sure to turn the power off first. There is a tab to push to release the ribbon from the connection on the control. I hope this helps.
I have HAD IT. Schedule an appointment from 1-5. Technician shows at 6:30 after saying he’d be there by 4. Replaces part and leaves. Garage door opener still doesn’t work. Call several times and ignored. Finally get a second appointment set up – TECHNICIAN DOESN’T SHOW! Tries to call to come by later that day instead. Uhm – I’ve already missed a day and a half of work! Contact customer service – guaranteed a call within 48 hours – no phone call. Contact social media – given a phone number for a phone system that doesn’t work. Another appointment is set – with a “more experienced technician” he shows up, shrugs his shoulders and LEAVES!. Still no phonecall from escalations department. Contacted customer service again – I’m *assured* that this isn’t how people are treated and offered 10% off my next service appointment to resolve this issue. REALLY?! you want me to pay you to come back out and waste my time AGAIN?! I’m continually assured that this isn’t how Sears does business, but its all I have experienced. I still can’t get a phone number from Customer Service that actually works. Why are you so afraid of giving out contact information?
"Welcome to MySears, ellisbilling! I am so sorry to hear of this repair experience. I have sent your concerns along to the SearsCares team, who will be by in a bit to address your concerns. Once you directly contact the team, you will have one point of contact to work through ensuring your garage is fixed, which I think will be helpful.

As soon as a team member replies, I will be sure to reach out via email to let you know.

Thanks!"
Really? because I’ve spoken to your social media team who just wants to send another technician to my house thursday when I’m at work and your searsathome team online that just wants me to continue to wait for a phonecall that will never come.
"ellisbilling,
Hi, my name is Brian with the Sears Cares team. We’re sorry to hear your issue has yet to be resolved. Please email smadvisor@searshc.com with your case number and we’ll ensure your case manager receives your message.
Thank you,
Brian H.
MySears Community Moderator"
"I don’t even know what my case number is. Its never been given to me. I try to call the guy back and the phone system won’t even let you dial an extension. When you finally are able to it goes to the voicemail of a woman I can’t even understand. I’m over this. Sears is the worst company out there.

Its not about the fact that the product doesn’t work. Yes, that’s annoying -but products can be fixed. The issue is that Sears employees make the CHOICE to treat their customers poorly. There’s no follow through with anything. They don’t listen. They don’t care about anything other than a stupid canned answer that’s pre written for them. Once upon a time Sears was a great company with great products and great service. None of that appears to be true any longer.

Yeah I just got another voicemail from Evan my case manager. leaving me the same phone number and BS extension that doesn’t work. No one is interested in rectifying the issue with the customer. You’re all just hoping we give up and go away."
After finally speaking with Evan in the Social Media team, I have an acceptabel resolution – one that should have happened days ago.
I am glad you were able to come to a resolution, ellisbilling. Thanks so much for the update.
OMG looks like I have joined a club of ripped off people. I got a good one to. Ya ever j heard of Springs to a garage door breaking. It sounds like a bomb hit. I didn’t even realize the springs was a 90 day warranty and sears uses a third party. Hey yall in Jacksonville fla. Watch out for Chris he’ll give you Springs that only come with a 90 day warranty. That’s like having a 90 day lasting home. The springs lasted for 18 mos I wanted to let corporate know and I later found out why Chris got all bent or if shape. Then he refused to serve me. Why? Because what Chris days goes and sears call with a 3rd party so when I started complaint about the product Chris took it personally. Hung up on me twice. I did manage to get a hang up on him at least at the end the SOB. Sears has lost another customer. …Now I have a 10 year warranty like I should have been given options. Jacksonville fla don’t let sears do you garage repairs. . Just saying. ..
"Hi there, lilaccord04! Welcome to MySears! I am sorry to hear you had troubles with your garage door springs. I actually have heard that sound on our old garage door a few years ago, and it is scary and loud! It sounds like you have come to resolution with your local Sears store, but I still wanted to send this on to the SearsCares team, who will be happy to discuss this with your further and do what they can to keep you as a customer.

A team member will reach out shortly. As soon as that response is posted, I will be sure to let you know via an email which includes a link back to this thread.

Thanks!"
"lilaccord04,

We appreciate you taking the time out of your day to inform us about your garage door installation experience. We know if be can be beyond frustrating when there is a concern with an item, then to finding out that there was an issue with the installation itself. My name is Kurt with our Sears Cares Escalation team. We would be happy to look into this matter and have a case manager address any concerns you may have about your experience. At your convenience, please contact my office via email at smadvisor@searshc.com so we can look into this matter further. In the email, please provide a contact phone number and the phone number the garage door was purchased under (if different than the contact phone number) and we will call you directly. Also, in your email, please provide the screen name (lilaccord04), you used to post on this site, for reference to your issue, and we do look forward to talking to you soon.
Thank you,
Kurt M.
MySears Community Moderator"
I took my Craftsman chainsaw in for warranty repair of a broken crank. It was still under the original 2 year warranty and well within the 10 year crank warranty. The crank broke right at the clutch at the end of the clutch threads. The warranty center said they would not cover it because the brake and clutch were broke and that was evidence of abuse. I find this highly suspicious because the brake worked prior to cutting that day (I checked it) and the clutch did not have any signs of damage, not even a scratch after the crank break. I also find suspicious that with this broken crank that Craftsman was aware of a quality issue with the cranks and that is why they had the extended 10 year warranty only for the crank. I have never abused or neglected this saw. With all of the great experiences with Craftsman/Sears products in the past I am very disappointed with the service center response. I am hoping that Craftsman/Sears will do the right thing and honor their 2 and 10 year warranty so I can avoid ending my relationship with Craftsman/Sears products.
"Hi there, cjbuike! Welcome to MySears! I am sorry to hear of the problems you have encountered with your chain saw repair. I have forwarded your concerns on to the SearsCares team who will be by in a bit looking to help.

As soon as they post a response, I will be sure to send you an email to let you know.

Thanks!"
"Hello cjbuike,

We apologize for the troubles you’ve been having with your chainsaw, and would be happy to help you in getting this situation resolved. My name is Edwin and I’m with the Sears Cares Social Media Support team. We’d like to look into this issue, and have a case manager assist you in getting this matter resolved. Please send the following information – contact #, screen name (cjbuike) phone # to smadvisor@searshc.com. We look forward speaking with you soon.

Thank you,
Edwin C.
MySears Community Moderator"
Update: So far two calls and two denials of warranty service from repair center. After asking how to file a complaint, they said they would have a supervisor evaluate the saw also. Did receive a call from Sears Executive Dept. about the issue. Hoping to have all of this resolved by tomorrow. Will update then.
Thanks, cjbuike! Do keep us posted! I know they can help.
Final update: William from Sears called. They were not able to do a straight up warranty replacement on my saw because it was an obsolete model. He offered several good options instead. I countered with the offer of just sending me a replacement crank (not to mention the cheapest option for Sears). I do small engine repair as a quasi-hobby so replacing the crank is not a big deal for me. He agreed and is in the process of ordering the part and sending it to my house. I have to say I was a little nervous but Sears did the right thing. Kudos to William and Sears!
Fantastic news, cjbuike! Thanks so much for coming back to let us know how your issue was resolved. I am so glad to hear it worked out to your satisfaction.
"My dishwasher does not clean properly, I have tried all the normal things to improve performance (see below) to no avail and recently used a similar appliance at a vacation rental with far better results. Any suggestions?
Already tried-
Cleaning rubber door seal
Using dishwasher cleaner
Running hot water through before starting cycle"
"Hi there, paula.clarke.pc! Thanks for posting on MySears today. I am sure our Appliance Expert will be able to diagnose the issue you are having with your dishwasher. I would also recommend sharing the model number, as this will help him to provide the most accurate answer.

He will be by in a bit with a reply. As soon as he responds, I will be sure to let you know via email.

Thanks!"
"Hello Paula, sorry you are having a cleaning issue with your dishwasher. The dishwasher needs a couple things to provide you with clean finished dishes. The first and most important is plenty of hot water. Yes running the water at the sink before starting the dishwasher is good when you are trying to get the hottest water possible (minimum of 120 degrees is best) but the dishwasher must allow that water in the tub. When the water flow to the dishwasher stops filling and begins to wash there should be at least 1 inch of water covering the bottom of the wash tub (that is minimum for clean dishes)
Next if the tub has plenty water and the water is hot it must circulate through the spray arms, if it does not then you could have a bad pump that would need replacing. Be sure any internal filters are clean as well.

I hope this helps, if you need a technician call 1-800-469-4663.
Thanks
Ron H."
Thanks for this info, should I open the machine once it stops filling to check the water level? I have looked for a way to get to filters to clean them but have not been able to see how to do this. The Model number is 665 13839K600
Thank you for providing the 665 13839K600 model number. For clean dishes you need enough water, just below the element, the water must be hot enough. At the end of the cycle the dishes shold be almost to hot to pick up and steam should roll out of the door when it is opened when the cycle finishes. The water must be circulated by both spray arms. One simple test to start is to start a cycle and let it fill with water. When the water fill stops open the door and check the water level. It should be just below the element. Shut the door and let the unit run again. Let it run then check the water level again. Sometimes water will siphon out during the cycle. There should be a loop in the drain line to prevent this or an air gap. You can select a High temp wash and high temp rinse option to check how hot the water is getting. If a thermometer is handy then check the water temp in the rinse cycle. It should be at least 125 degrees if not hotter. Check the filters on the sump. Hard water can cause the filters to become clogged and not circulate the water well. Adding vinegar to a rinse will help this. If the water temps is okay and there seems to be enough hot water then the filters may need to be cleaned. You can reply back with additional details for further assistance.
I have ascertained that the water is hot enough but do not know how to open the dishwasher further in the cycle to recheck the level. I would also like to get to the filters to make sure they are clean. I do not see how to do this from the manual. Can you assist with this or do I need to call the technical assistance #?
"Hello again, to test or observe the water level wait till fill cycle finishes and wash cycle has just started. UN -latch the door and wait for the spray arms to stop spraying (about 15 seconds then open the door to see water level. To restart close and latch door then push the resume button and unit will proceed with the wash. After further inspection you dishwasher does not have accessible filter you can clean so just look for debris in the spray arm and pump areas and remove as needed. If this does not resolve your issue, call for a technician. 1-800-469-4663.

Thanks Ron H."
"We have a Kenmore Elite 8.0 cu ft. steam dryer model 41100, color Blackberry, that intermittently shuts-off immediately when turned-on. Sometimes you need to hit the start button 4 or 5 times before it will stay on. Several times, we have needed touUnplug and re-plug the dryer, which seems to “reboot” the dryer and fix the start-up problem.

This start-up issue happens about 25% of the time. It is very annoying. If the dryer actually stays on, it usually works fine, although a couple of times it has changed the dry cycle to delicate or some other shortened dry cycle. I’m not totally sure that these two problems are related.

In any case, we have had 2 warranty technicians come out and take a look, but of course it worked fine when they came out. And they claimed that they could not do anything to fix the problem.

Any ideas regarding what is wrong with this dryer?"
Intermitent problems can be very difficult to pin down. As you found out intermittent problem always seem to work when the technician comes to check. The model number i used is 41741100000 but it comes up as a washer. The model number should start with a 110 or 417. Please check for the complete model number. Some things to consider would be the door switch or thermalfuse being the problem. If the dryer will run some of the time then the thermal cut-off/fuse is not going to be the problem. Some models have error codes that we might be able to use to pin the problem down. First check the model number so we both or on the same unit and I will assist youfurther is trying to resolve this frustrating problem. Haing to push the start button several times may mean there is a problem with the console/keypads.
I have never had a problem with UPS, FedEx or any other carrier leaving packages on my door. Ever since Amazon made the switch to Ontrac, The package tracking always shows up Delivered, but there is no package to be found.
They cannot deliver consistently as promised, plus their customer service people are down right rude on the phone. Who cares if this is a time sensitive shipment, not OnTrac.
I was totally happy with Amazon - until they started using Ontrac. After three bad experiences with them, I've sent a complaint to Amazon. Something stinks.
Recently, I switched to Amazon Prime because I've been very pleased with Amazon and their service. BUT, I had my first bad experience with Amazon thanks to OnTrac. I was home all afternoon awaiting a delivery from Amazon via OnTrac, and nothing arrived. OnTrac's website indicated that the package had been delivered to my front door which was a lie. I contacted Amazon's customer service who were great in resolving this problem, but I hope Amazon will end their partnership with Ontrac soon. If not, I foresee many, many unhappy customers this holiday season.
I agree. My order has been lost as well and the customer service representative doesn't seem to care when I suggest to them that ONTRAC is not good.
Really? I've never had a problem with Amazon's customer service. Ask to speak to someone else about it - maybe a supervisor - and request a refund for your order. I was given a refund and didn't even ask for it
HUGE problems with Ontrac in San Jose as well. 5 misplaced packages in 8 days. Please make sure you are sending your complaints to both ONTRAC and AMAZON. When I called to complain, I was told I'm the only one who has reported any problems
Yeah I hate Ontrac, today they lefted a big package that I order from Amazon wide open in front of my door, If I wasn't home, someone could had took it. Amazon please stop using Ontrac.
Update to my last post... one of the packages that OnTrac never delivered, got "lost" somewhere in transit. Shocking.I apprised Amazon of the situation and they shipped the item out again, "overnight".... via OnTrac. Sigh. I think I might tell Amazon that I will not be renewing my subscription to the Prime service. It's not worth it when it takes over a week to receive something that would've come quicker with UPS etc.
Add me to the list. I've now had three shipments "missing" since last week. One of them is actually a replacement for the first "missing" package. Which Amazon again shipped via OnTrac. OnTrac is actually California Overnite. They changed their name.
I recently redeemed a $100 Amazon E-Gift Code and spent $87 of it. I should have $13 left in my balance but when I go to check the balance it says $0 and below that where it shows redemption history it says "withheld amount $13". I emailed Amazon but they have not responded and it has been a week or so since I added the gift code. Has anybody ever encountered this? Why are they withholding the balance on my gift card?
same happened to me. $200 worth of gift card balance magically deleted from my account.
They withheld 50 dollars from me. We need to raise hell becus I need to buy stuff and they just robbed my money
...and i too am a victim in this robbery. Mine for $750.00 Did anybody find anything out on why they are withholding the funds?
all these ceos or whatever they are behind the scenes here need to step forward and tell us all whats up!!! come on amazon gfet busy and fix this problem or all these unhappy customers could become your worst nitemare!!!!! 24 hrs and i want my money back!!!
wtf i thought i was the only one with this problem, i returned some merchandise, but my balance giftcard says withheld. What is going on? why is amazon holding MY money.?????
I just had a significant gift card balance withheld by Amazon... does anyone have any advice on what to do?
Had the same problem. Emailed amazon and they were unable to tell me more due to "confidentiality reasons" They suggest me to contact the person who bought this gift card.
I have the same problem but i haven't bought anything.
i had $205 on my account and now i have $100 of them withheld. Any solution? I PAID for those gift cards.
on March 9, 2013 Balance withheld $ -200.00, reasons and have had no response.
Anyone else think it's going to be worth paying $99 for Amazon Prime?
Nope, I'm out too. I just clicked on remind Me 3 days before My membership renews so I can terminate it
What I don't get is why some members' rates increase this year while for others, the rate increase doesn't take effect until 2015. My rate increase is in June, but my neighbor's rate increase is in Oct. 2015, and I've been a member longer than him. it seems really illogical and random.
Cancelled my auto renewal as well, going back to Netflix and Ebay like many others. Was happy to renew my Prime Membership up to this point, have to agree this was a bad move, I can only hope enough cancel to make them rethink this strategy.
The free shipping on Amazon is a gimmick, they don't lose any money on it. I shop on Newegg and get free shipping without any subscription. So what is the $99 for? A lousy selection of streaming video.
I already messaged amazon, stating I am not willing to pay 99.00 a year when they are not the only ones competing for our business, this price hike has left me with a sour taste in my mouth towards amazon, not only will I not renew but I plan not even buying items on here anymore unless they change there minds, Im 20 years old and still considered to many as just a baby but this price will not do, I hope amazon reads this because if they stick to there guns they lost 20-45 years of my money on this site
The $20 increase may not seem like much to some people, but when everyone is increasing their prices, people will have to make decisions about what to keep. Are you really getting your money's worth with Amazon Prime? And if you think your saving on shipping, think again. I can buy the same items for the same cost + shipping elsewhere "without a $99 subscription". Amazon Prime pays for only 1 thing, streaming video. That's it! The rest costs Amazon nothing.
I'm out as well. I've been a prime member for 2 years and I don't use the worthless streaming video service with all the old movies. Their prices have been going up too. So I'm done in November.
Prime was worth $79/year to me when I was actually getting what I paid for; i.e., reliable 2-day shipping. Unfortunately, that has not been the case in over a year - the shipping has slowly but surely shifted over to notoriously horrible services like SurePost and SmartPost, meaning more and more shipments are 3-5 days if we're lucky; meanwhile, the premium charged on Prime eligible items (as compared to non-Prime) has continued to increase. I was already on the fence about the value of the $79, but the move to $99 has made it a no-brainer for me. Not renewing.
This is absolute GARBAGE. I paid my 79 for amazon prime, and now they've changed the game. I will call on a weekday and get my full 79 back and probably never do business with addon-azon again
I've just discovered this nonsense, I had a number of orders in my basket and couldn't purchase a phone case. Amazon stop this silly idea. Save money by not sending small items in huge boxes.
"I don't see any issue here. Every addon item SAYS in big giant letters that they are ADD ON items. What does ADD ON mean? Exactly what it says. 
Personally I enjoy the fact that more selection is available because of this.
Drew has a valid point, but smaller boxes, more inventory, more labor, loss of discouints with Fedex & UPS - I am sure it isnt just Amazon here guys.
but really - Amazon decides to offer product it would not consider offering, does not raise the price (try buying it somewhere else to see if you like THAT policy better? Higher price, higher shipping) in exchange for bundling it .... good business decision."
Recently the Shipping & handling charges have risen to a ridiculous level! Here below is a quote for 1, yes one.... CD to Australia from a Market Place Seller by Standard Postage. Items: USD 6.55 Shipping & handling: USD 14.29
I agree with what is being said here. This 'add on' policy is terrible. I find it most offenseive that it was just implemented over night, without any warning what so ever. I had also just renewed my Prime membership. Had there been some kind of notification that this was going into place, I wouldn't have. I will be cancelling though. G-bye SCAMazon
AMAZON ARE CRAP ALSO IN THE UK IT IS TIME EVERYONE BOYCOTTED THEM AND Also pay some taxes you wankers
Am I missing something here? I just wanted to purchase ONE item that was $4.44 that was an "add-on item". But I COULDN'T BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!! This makes no sense. I am a "customer" but I can't buy what I want from amazon!?!?!?!! I will not make another amazon purchase until this policy is changed
Maybe shipping wouldn't be so cost prohibitive for them if a small bottle of vitamins wasn't shipped in a 16x16x4 box
"I have been a cheerleader for Amazon since I discovered it a few years ago. I buy all my dvd's thru them as well as other products.
I have always paid shipping on each item - so why come up with an ""add on"" requirement? I did a chat with an Amazon representative when I couldn't check out and he offered to by-pass the add on rule one time.
I found the rule offensive and declined. I then deleted all my payment methods and personal info.
It makes me sick to say I will no longer do buisness with them. Up until now, when I wanted to purchase an item, I went to Amazon first and most of the time I didn't even go anywhere else to compare. If they quit this policy I will return to them but I don't expect it."
Curiously, is anyone else having trouble with Amazon Video? It seems as though my entire video library has vanished, videos show up as "Video currently unavailable" and I can't watch anything.
I didn't have a video library, but none of the video links are working for me through Amazon Prime, nor the pay to rent videos.
I am seeing the same thing. My video library is currently empty.
I just watched 2 complete episodes of one show. At the end of the second show, I got the same message and can no longer watch. I am obviously also online posting this. Not an internet connection problem - definitely an Amazon problem - ONE OF MANY. My library is also suddenly empty. Getting tired of this.
Cant watch anything myself, says video unavailable.
 just spoke to someone at through chat and they said they are having some technical issues. Hopefully this gets resolved soon - the videos are one of my main reasons for getting Amazon Prime!
The other huge problem I get is that the video stops when I play (within seconds, or minutes) and then, for some reason, skips forward or behind. I don't have that problem with Hulu or Netflix. I do enjoy the service, but this is one of the reasons I prefer physical media.
Phew, Glad I'm not the only one having this problem. I WANNA WATCH THEM GAME OF THRONES so I can be ready for Sunday! JEEZ! Please fix. Take your time though, it's not the end of the world or anything.
Yeah, really, how sad are we on a Friday night moaning about video streaming...It's just been frustrating the entire time we've had Amazon streaming video...as much as I like the selection, watching can be difficult at times. AMAZON ARE YOU READING?
Things are improving but not quite there...Think I'll just order that K&N I've been wanting and see if it helps...
Not for me yet. On a Friday night... Worst night, especially when trying to relax. If they can resolve this issue and the buffering issue, I'll love them.
anyone encountered a flickering display when opening small apps and when using the keyboard? any fix on this bug? this is frequently happens in browsers when typing using the on screen keyboards.. Tried to restore to factory reset, no good. Please fix this ASAP sony..
I received my Tablet week 1 1/2 ago. I noticed yesterday a mild screen flicker with the tablet. I turned off the tablet and then back on again. Appeared to have stopped for about 3 or 4 mins. then returned. Any suggestions or possible reasons for this? Do I need to return for another? Thanks
Check that you're running on the latest version of the phone software. If you're on the latest software I suggest that you contact your local support team to have this checked at a repair center. http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/support/contact-us/contact-info/
Hi I got the same issue, well kind of, i'm using Google chrome browser and the official Sony pre installed keyboard. When I'm typing like right know the screen flickers quite alot and only the keyboard and about 1 center meter above the keyboard section flickers. I know this is a software issue as it don't flicker if I'm using the same keyboard to take notes or other apps, even though I need to test other browsers.. I'm on 4.3 Indian firmware I own a UK model sgp321 tablet, also I have NOT rooted or messed around with the boot loader Sony I hope you can provide a fix ASAP?? Thanks
Started happening to me after the 4.3 update, when bringing up the keyboard.  Doesn't happen on any other software version or custom roms at all. 
Exactly,  after upgrade xperia keyboard to newer version it started to blinking. It **bleep**...
Me too. Tablet had been solid gold for months, but now the screen flickers only on using Chrome. If I do a slow scroll up, say for 6 full screens, then a band of flicker appears. Also when I type in Chrome, so to book something online...lots of screen flicker. Like its not fully refreshing. All this happened upon upgrading to 4.3
Same issue here after 4.3 upgrade.
Keyboard flicker - annoying indeed! However I reckon it relates to Autocomplete or Search Suggestions function - there must be some kind of a script initiated when it happens. If you turn it off, flicker disappears. At least it worked for me [in Firefox] okay.
Hi all, I got my Xperia for Christmas and so far loving it...up until now. I'm experiencing the same screen flickering problem, since upgrading to 4.3 and using Chrome browser. It is very annoying and distracting. All clear as a bell, up until I start to typing. Fingers crossed Sony address this soon & come up with a fix. P.s. Happy New Year to you all.
As an experiment, I've just installed SwiftKey, keyboard trial and have the same screen flicker. I think that it might actually be worse, than the standard Xperia keyboard for screen flicker. Keyboard wise however, it looks good.
Same issue here. Noticed it in Chrome, Google+, and Firefox so far. I'm quote surprised this bug made it through testing. Feels like Sony rushed the 4.3 update to get it out before the new year.
I haven't updated to 4.3 yet… Is the flicker appearing only when using the Xperia keyboard, or also with all keyboards, such as Google's one? Thanks.
I bought my tablet about 6 months ago. This screen flickers only happened when I upgraded to Android 4.3, never happened before that. It happens only when I am using the keyboard, not only in chrome, but also facebook app, and Facebook messenger.
I thought mine was the only one phew. It is annoying I thought I had done something wrong when I updated to 4.3 so I done a clean install/repair still persistent. Hope Sony fixes this soon it is annoying never had this on 4.2..
this Also occurs in some keyboard, widgets and small apps… hoping sony will fix these flickering issue ASAP… still flickering as of this typing…
Exact same problem with my tablet. Waiting for fix!!!!
Common Sony we haven't heard a peep from official representatives of sonymobile ? Are we going to get a fix ? A update would be nice
Made this post with a specific problem. Hi Sony, attached below are same peps experiencing the same annoying experience like mine.. http://talk.sonymobile.com/t5/Xperia-Tablet-Z/Tablet-Z-Screen-Flicker/td-p/341680
Same problem here. Upgraded the tablet Z two days ago, and flickering in firefox and some games started. I don't see a direct connection to keyboard, though. But I mainly saw it, when most of the screen is white, e.g. Logo in games, or firefox with blank screen typing into awsome-bar.
I have noticed this flicker now on my tablet. 4.3, I use dolphin browser with flash sideloaded.. Experia keyboard.. It is not regular, and I cannot find anything common on when this happen. I upgraded using SUS but had to do a repair using PCC. The repair caused the tablet to wipe everything and start fresh. Sometimes it goes on for minutes at a time without any flicker. Otherwise, it happens on a whim.. In any case annoying.... ::-(
I just deleted all the data in the Xperia Keyboard app from ( Settings - Apps - All - Xperia Keyboards- all of them-) and also all words in my auto correct list (only had about 15-20). and the display hasn't shown any flicker since nearly an hour + ( not long enough I know.  ). In my case the flickering only started today so I will keep observing.
Can someone check this by deleting the auto correct words ?  In my setting I have not activated learning words from Gmail, messages, facebook etc. I did this before for gmail, but came back with an error saying cannot connect to gmail. and there is no toggle switch to turn it off..So I don't touch that menu option at all...
May I also add that the flickering is also initiated by dragging the Facebook chat bubble around on the screen and in and out of the cross at the bottom. As previously said by others, screen flickering is also initiated by the keyboard being active.
Sony: Any updates soon that will fix the flickering issue? Seems to be something off at the root of the software in this version...
Glad it is not me or my specific tablet.  Now I know for sure it is 4.3.
Anyone else notice it only flickers in landscape?  Seems to not flicker for me if I turn it to portrait.
Same flickering on my Xperia Tablet Z after 4.3 update. Hope for a fix soon.
I can also confirm that flickering only occurs in landscape mode. No flickering during dragging of Facebook chat bubble in portrait mode, nor any occurences during typing.
Same issue here. It happen often while typing in landscape or in notification menu
Anyone hear any updates on this issue?
not yet.. Hooe Sony makes a fix for this asap...
I registered to report that I experience the same problems. Sometimes it gets really bad, other times I don't see it for a few minutes. When it does get bad, it hurts my eyes in some cases. I really hope there will be a fix because it's very annoying.
Oh and by the way, I updated the tablet 10 minutes after I first started it. Got my tablet yesterday. So it was pretty much clean before it updated to 4.3.
Nope, heard nothing from Sony on it. Disappointing.
Same problem, using chrome and xperia keyboard, also in facebook messenger app where is more frequently the flickering, I hope Sony solve this problem quickly, it's very annoying
I have this problem too!
I had same problem. Well, there is a kinda solution. Go to developer options and turn off hardware acceleration. It's right under 4X MSAA option. But this is not the fix we want. Sony has to solve that glitch...
Well, this solution seems to work.  For other folks that do not know how to show "developer options".....go to Settings and tap on Build number 7 times.  That opens up the Developer Options.
I am having this same problem with the keyboard
Yep I have the same issue, an can confirm it only happens when using the key board (it's happening now!). What does Turning acceleration off do?
Downgrade Chrome to the version 28.0.1500.94, flickering gone !!!
Still no word from Sony? It's like the longest thread in this forum!
It is not a Chrome issue. It does it in the Facebook app and my Kingsport word processing app.
my xperia z tablet 16+ lte has the same issues. But it also has almost not noticeable blinking backlight when scrolling in Chrome, visible better when it's white background. It feels like slow framerate and it is really annoying.
After some testing I realized that this blinking happens through all applications. I guess backlight's is set up so in the system. It does not look hiend afterwards...
Same here only after update did the problems occur also would not charge unless turned of and not using it whenever the screen was lit it would say the battery is draining faster then its charging plug a different charger in sony helpline no use appalling customer service from them needs a big fix asap.
Same problem after recent firmware update. Anoying problem!!
I called Sony. They told me to download the software to correct the flashing screen. http://www.sonymobile.com/fr/tools/update-service/
I have had my hp slate 7 for a while now, however the camera has just decided to not work. I have restarted the tablet however it is still not working. I have looked online for some advice but nothing is working. It has just got back from repairs but has been working up until now. It won't let me use the camera or snapchat. HELP PLEASEsome advice but nothing is working. It has just got back from repairs but has been working up until now. It won't let me use the camera or snapchat. HELP PLEASE
As I type this message on my HP 2000 Notebook while stairing into 1 of my 3 HP 19 inch monitors I can not help but feeling a little disturbed about my HP Slate 7 Tablet which, due to a manufacutures defect, will no longer charge because the area which receives the micro usb cord is loose. I have place a service call into HP and I was supposed to receive a replaced on 4/7/14. I followed up on this call 4 times and I received 4 different stories about my tablet being sent to me. Currently I am waiting for HP to receive a inventory of Slate 7's which I do not have an expected eta. I have only had this tablet since July 2013. I have never had a problem with HP and I would expect that having a problem of this nature it would be handled a bit better than it is. No one informed me that they did not have the product in stock before charging me $15.00 for a expedited shipping of a product they did not have. As stated, I have HP Products in abudance in my home and would appreciate less lying about replacing my product. This is particularly bad because Amazon still sells the HP Slate 7 so if Amazon has it why does HP not have it? I really need help! I heard the customer service was bad but wow! Please tell me it is not so.
Why did you all put this vibration device in the tablet section of the hybrid laptop without a way to turn it off in windows. It is very annoying and make the tablet difficult to use in enviroments when you have to make sure you are not making a sound. Maybe you all should do a redesign and either remove it or add a option that is easy to find in windows that turns it off. Perhaps set it up so that when the volume is all the way down it turns off on it's own.
Hi. I just bought a hp deskjet 2540. My acer tablet and my smartphone have connected to the printer, but the printer does not seem to connect to my bt router/network and the blue light is still flashing. The test result page printed out and says network/ssid name not set/fail. Can anyone please please help me??
Can u please detailed out the configuration steps required to do the connection?
"Unfortunately, your Laserjet printer is not on the list of ePrint enabled printers. That means that printing from the Slate  with wireless networking via android is not currently possible. 
****If my suggestion was helpful, you can say thanks by clicking on the thumbs up*** ****Please mark Accept As Solution if my suggestion resolves the issue you were having**** ****I am a volunteer, I don't work for HP**** Microsoft MVP - Microsoft Windows Expert - Consumer"
Hi, there, i've bumped up into the problem with rear camera on my tablet HP elitepad 900. An error message shows that the camera can't be switched on (code #10) - STATUS_DEVISE_POWER_FAILURE. I tried to refresh app's driver to the latest one (6.2.9200.34861 on 10.07.2013) which i found on your site , but it couldn't help me. Hope you'll be able to solve this issue.
Hi there! Our son's school is a Google Apps for Education school and is going BYOD. We purchased the Slate 7 Extreme for him because we thought it would interact well with Google. He is logged into his school google account and can view a presentation made at school but we cannot figure out how to edit from his tablet. Ideas?
I have a probaly stupid question, Can I plug in external speakers thorough the head phone jack. When i try this the sound that comes out is is very quiet. am i to understand that you can only use head phones on the Slate 7 Plus? 
Hello, and Welcome to the HP Support Community! If you employ a set of amplified speakers (like the ones used on computers) I think you'll get good results. WyreNut   I am a Volunteer here, not employed by HP.
Hi, I have some questions about the omni 10 5600 tablet.  Omni 10 5600 supports VT-x (Intel virtualization technology)? I know Z3770 processor supports it, but I'm not sure whether or not can enable VT-x in bios of omni 10 5600. And can I install another 0S on omni 10 5600? for example, ubuntu linux or android.  Thanks.
I bought my 14 year old son an HP slate tablet for Christmas from PC world in uk and its the first time not taken their extra cover for items but only 4 months later my sons tablet is not charging . He was charging it on his PC when he took the cable out when it was done, he thought he saw something come out with it but couldnt find anything, and now it wont charge. When I took it to PC world yesterday they said they could send it back to HP but that they didnt think it would be covered by the waranty even though it is only 4 months old. Now left with a useless item that cost £129.99 unless they said that I wanted to pay between £50 and £70 to get it fixed. This is ridiculous value for money surely something should be builtto be more robust and to last longer than 4 months
There are times when I want to use my tablet as a music player.  However, the sleep function only allows a 30 minute timeframe.  How can I extend the sleep time?  My tablet is the following: HP7 andoid version-4.1.2 software version-P702T_V01_24_130919 hardware version - PVT IFWI version - 06.09 Kernel version 3.0.34+
When tablet is off but charger is plugged in the charger is making a running water like sound but when tablet is switched on the noise goes. Is this normal?
I live in the Netherlands and want to buy a Slate 21. Does it have the Chinese Traditional language as selectable system language? I do not mean input language but system language so all system menus could be changed into Chinese Traditional.
Yes, Traditional Chinese will be available. Regards, C0WA HP employee
Why did you all put this vibration device in the tablet section of the hybrid laptop without a way to turn it off in windows. It is very annoying and make the tablet difficult to use in enviroments when you have to make sure you are not making a sound. Maybe you all should do a redesign and either remove it or add a option that is easy to find in windows that turns it off. Perhaps set it up so that when the volume is all the way down it turns off on it's own.
I bought a HPSlate 7 for my son at Xmas and a couple of months later he told me that it would no longer charge. I had a look at it and the USB port required a lot of moving about to get it to charge then after a week it would no longer charge at all. I returned the tablet to PC World where it was bought who sent it back to HP. They stated that the USB charging port was damaged and would not fix it. They did not even offer to fix it for a fee just sent back. I have had an independent check carried out and I have been told that this is a common issue ( did an internet search and this seems correct) but they where unable to source a spare USB port. What can I do as I have a tablet that is a couple of months old that is currently scrap. I also have a very upset 9 year that is convinced that Santa has given him a duff Xmas present. The modle number is 4601.
Contact HP by one of the means on the web document linked to this sentence. I will ask to have this escalated for you. Once this is repaired, you will be doing yourself a favor if you explain to your child that microUSB connectors are delicate. You will need to show your young one how to  connect the power adapter connector to the Slate without  physically stressing the connector. When the connector is physically stressed, inadvertently or not, after a repair or replacement, it will eventually stop working again. The problem with this type of connector exists, regardless of manufacturer, across all devices that use it, including Cell (mobile) phones.  Your issue has been escalated someone from HP should be contacting you shortly.
i have my second slate (first one i need to take back to the store) and it wont turn on. i have tried everything and it seems that i have to return also this one (these are the exact ones, model is 3604).  Anyone having problems like me?
Currently i am facing some issue with graphics driver of mine HP630 . I cant install them. Its showing error for window 7 - ultimate 64 bit. So i want to upgrade it to windows 8. But i found that there are no drivers available for it. So can anyone tell me what i have to do now?
The charger for my laptop 15....I think the year is around 2000...who can I go or where can I call. Thanks
I need help with my laptop on safe mode I can't get it off of safe mode
I have a HP Slate 7 and cannot sync it with my PC using windows 8.  The PC can see the tablet but I cannot add my already purchased books to it. Can someone assist me with the setup?
Hi, I bought a Slate 7 Extreme a week ago to take with us on holiday mainly to play movies on the flights. I've installed a couple of apps, MX Player, Facebook, Virgin Australia's Entertainment app, kindle, a couple of games which I've not run. After a few hours of use I found that I could no longer unlock the tablet. On the lock screen I slide to unlock - the screen flickers, makes a sound (similar to a camera going off) then it returns to the lock screen. This happens 90% of the time. 1% it unlocks, shows the home screen then locks the tablet immediately with the screen going switching off. At the moment I had the lock screen problem at least 10 times in a row and then it has started to let me past the lock screen. I'm using the official smart cover if that is relevant - my son thought maybe the sensor was picking up the magnet the cover was open - but that doesn't seem to be it. I've not installed any other launchers, lock screen replacement apps nor have I rooted the tablet. I've tried powering it off and on several times but I still get the problem. The only thing I haven't done is to do a factory reset. I'm pretty unhappy with my purchase just now, I bought it for use on holiday and wasn't able to use it at all. I would have been better off saving my money. help! Regards Phil
pulled the slate21 out of the box and the touch does not work. I have to use a mousr. How do I enable touc? Or is the device broken?
Contact HP by one of the means on the web document linked to this sentence. I will ask to have this escalated for you. Once this is repaired, you will be doing yourself a favor if you explain to your child that microUSB connectors are delicate. You will need to show your young one how to  connect the power adapter connector to the Slate without  physically stressing the connector. When the connector is physically stressed, inadvertently or not, after a repair or replacement, it will eventually stop working again. The problem with this type of connector exists, regardless of manufacturer, across all devices that use it, including Cell (mobile) phones.  Your issue has been escalated someone from HP should be contacting you shortly.
I bought a brand new charger for my slate7 and this one isnt working… anyone else havung the same issure?
How much would it cost to replace the screen on my hp 83
this slate is only a week old and has only 10 apps. Its 5GB and this thing freezes up all the time.
im using a usb why inst this working
I suggest you guys get on the bal with making screens work more efficiently
I just want to say I love my HP
Apperently my hp needs to be backed up… how do I do that?
As I type this message on my HP 2000 Notebook while stairing into 1 of my 3 HP 19 inch monitors I can not help but feeling a little disturbed about my HP Slate 7 Tablet which, due to a manufacutures defect, will no longer charge because the area which receives the micro usb cord is loose. I have place a service call into HP and I was supposed to receive a replaced on 4/7/14. I followed up on this call 4 times and I received 4 different stories about my tablet being sent to me. Currently I am waiting for HP to receive a inventory of Slate 7's which I do not have an expected eta. I have only had this tablet since July 2013. I have never had a problem with HP and I would expect that having a problem of this nature it would be handled a bit better than it is. No one informed me that they did not have the product in stock before charging me $15.00 for a expedited shipping of a product they did not have. As stated, I have HP Products in abudance in my home and would appreciate less lying about replacing my product. This is particularly bad because Amazon still sells the HP Slate 7 so if Amazon has it why does HP not have it? I really need help! I heard the customer service was bad but wow! Please tell me it is not so.
I bought a HPSlate 7 for my son at Xmas and a couple of months later he told me that it would no longer charge. I had a look at it and the USB port required a lot of moving about to get it to charge then after a week it would no longer charge at all. I returned the tablet to PC World where it was bought who sent it back to HP. They stated that the USB charging port was damaged and would not fix it. They did not even offer to fix it for a fee just sent back. I have had an independent check carried out and I have been told that this is a common issue ( did an internet search and this seems correct) but they where unable to source a spare USB port. What can I do as I have a tablet that is a couple of months old that is currently scrap. I also have a very upset 9 year that is convinced that Santa has given him a duff Xmas present. The modle number is 4601.
Contact HP by one of the means on the web document linked to this sentence. I will ask to have this escalated for you. Once this is repaired, you will be doing yourself a favor if you explain to your child that microUSB connectors are delicate. You will need to show your young one how to  connect the power adapter connector to the Slate without  physically stressing the connector. When the connector is physically stressed, inadvertently or not, after a repair or replacement, it will eventually stop working again. The problem with this type of connector exists, regardless of manufacturer, across all devices that use it, including Cell (mobile) phones.  Your issue has been escalated someone from HP should be contacting you shortly.
Hi. I just bought a hp deskjet 2540. My acer tablet and my smartphone have connected to the printer, but the printer does not seem to connect to my bt router/network and the blue light is still flashing. The test result page printed out and says network/ssid name not set/fail. Can anyone please please help me??
As I type this message on my HP 2000 Notebook while stairing into 1 of my 3 HP 19 inch monitors I can not help but feeling a little disturbed about my HP Slate 7 Tablet which, due to a manufacutures defect, will no longer charge because the area which receives the micro usb cord is loose. I have place a service call into HP and I was supposed to receive a replaced on 4/7/14. I followed up on this call 4 times and I received 4 different stories about my tablet being sent to me. Currently I am waiting for HP to receive a inventory of Slate 7's which I do not have an expected eta. I have only had this tablet since July 2013. I have never had a problem with HP and I would expect that having a problem of this nature it would be handled a bit better than it is. No one informed me that they did not have the product in stock before charging me $15.00 for a expedited shipping of a product they did not have. As stated, I have HP Products in abudance in my home and would appreciate less lying about replacing my product. This is particularly bad because Amazon still sells the HP Slate 7 so if Amazon has it why does HP not have it? I really need help! I heard the customer service was bad but wow! Please tell me it is not so.
I have a probaly stupid question, Can I plug in external speakers thorough the head phone jack. When i try this the sound that comes out is is very quiet. am i to understand that you can only use head phones on the Slate 7 Plus? 
I have had my hp slate 7 for a while now, however the camera has just decided to not work. I have restarted the tablet however it is still not working. I have looked online for some advice but nothing is working. It has just got back from repairs but has been working up until now. It won't let me use the camera or snapchat. HELP PLEASEsome advice but nothing is working. It has just got back from repairs but has been working up until now. It won't let me use the camera or snapchat. HELP PLEASE
Will, Traditional Chinese will be available. Regards
I live in the Netherlands and want to buy a Slate 21. Does it have the Chinese Traditional language as selectable system language? I do not mean input language but system language so all system menus could be changed into Chinese Traditional.
"Unfortunately, your Laserjet printer is not on the list of ePrint enabled printers. That means that printing from the Slate  with wireless networking via android is not currently possible. 
****If my suggestion was helpful, you can say thanks by clicking on the thumbs up*** ****Please mark Accept As Solution if my suggestion resolves the issue you were having**** ****I am a volunteer, I don't work for HP**** Microsoft MVP - Microsoft Windows Expert - Consumer"
Can u please detailed out the configuration steps required to do the connection?
There are times when I want to use my tablet as a music player.  However, the sleep function only allows a 30 minute timeframe.  How can I extend the sleep time?  My tablet is the following: HP7 andoid version-4.1.2 software version-P702T_V01_24_130919 hardware version - PVT IFWI version - 06.09 Kernel version 3.0.34+
I bought my 14 year old son an HP slate tablet for Christmas from PC world in uk and its the first time not taken their extra cover for items but only 4 months later my sons tablet is not charging . He was charging it on his PC when he took the cable out when it was done, he thought he saw something come out with it but couldnt find anything, and now it wont charge. When I took it to PC world yesterday they said they could send it back to HP but that they didnt think it would be covered by the waranty even though it is only 4 months old. Now left with a useless item that cost £129.99 unless they said that I wanted to pay between £50 and £70 to get it fixed. This is ridiculous value for money surely something should be builtto be more robust and to last longer than 4 months
Hi, there, i've bumped up into the problem with rear camera on my tablet HP elitepad 900. An error message shows that the camera can't be switched on (code #10) - STATUS_DEVISE_POWER_FAILURE. I tried to refresh app's driver to the latest one (6.2.9200.34861 on 10.07.2013) which i found on your site , but it couldn't help me. Hope you'll be able to solve this issue.
Hi, I have some questions about the omni 10 5600 tablet.  Omni 10 5600 supports VT-x (Intel virtualization technology)? I know Z3770 processor supports it, but I'm not sure whether or not can enable VT-x in bios of omni 10 5600. And can I install another 0S on omni 10 5600? for example, ubuntu linux or android.  Thanks.
Hi there! Our son's school is a Google Apps for Education school and is going BYOD. We purchased the Slate 7 Extreme for him because we thought it would interact well with Google. He is logged into his school google account and can view a presentation made at school but we cannot figure out how to edit from his tablet. Ideas?
How do I reset a school iPad that has an unknown passcode?
If it's the screen lock passcode you're referring to, just restore the iPad.  For information and instructions, see: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1212 If that will not work, you'll need to put the device into Recovery Mode and then try the Restore again: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1808 Regards.
iCloud: Activation Lock To remove this lock without your apple id and password, you need to contact apple with proof of ownership. http://support.apple.com/kb/PH13695?viewlocale=en_US
I just bought a new tv show on itunes and wanted to watch it on my computer. I bought it in SD not HD to save money but now the sound is to slow for the images. Is there anything I can do?
I bought a tv show from itunes and whenever I watch it on itunes the sound is pretty good but the picture is really slow and jerky. Can anyone help? 
i followed the troubleshooting instructions for video playback and video was playing great until recently. i've tried watching video in quicktime, and it plays smoothly up until a certain point, then it gets choppy again.
I can't watch my video downloads--they stutter and freeze. Can I burn them to disc? Are they viewable using another program?
Hi, AliSun, Does your computer meet the minimum specifications for playing videos in iTunes (as given on the iTunes download page)? 2.0 GHz Pentium class processor or better 512MB RAM 32MB video RAM
If you're referring to videos purchased from the iTunes Store, then no, you can't burn them to a video disk, and they're only viewable in iTunes, QuickTime Player, or on an iPod or Apple TV.
I downloaded a tv show and there is no sound on the show.  Everything else that I play has sound just not the new show?
I updated to IOS 7 and cant stream from Netflix on my iphone anymore. I have tried many different suggestions but nothing has worked. Anybody have any new ideas?
ask netflix.
Did that of course, netflix says its Apple and Apple says its netflix. It worked fine until i updated then started having data problems
I can stream Netflix using iOS 7 on my iPhone without problem. Look into your WiFi network configuration and environment to see what is going on there.
Im not using wifi , i am using cellular data. I have unlimited data plan.
What happens when you try? Do you get an error message, or does it just not work? How much data have you used this month? Most "unlimited" data plans throttle you to speeds too low to stream video when you go over their (usually secret) threshhold. Try installing the speedtest.net app and check your speed.
My phone was bought from kuwait, when i use facetime from kuwait its working fine, but when i goes india Facetime icon & settings are missing in IOS 7.0.4
It's Apple restriction
why so ? any way to bypass it ?
no legal way this's government restriction
Do I have t hand over my water damaged iphone 5s to apple when I pay to recieve the out of warrant replacement, keeping in mind I will still be paying monthly for my original iphone 5s for the next year and a half?
Yes you do.  Apple verifies that each device replaced is accounted for.  If you did not turn it over, then how would Apple know if you got a discounted out of warranty 5S and sold the "damaged" one?
It's Annoying
I broke my iPhone 4 and got a 5c. I plugged it into my computer so I could put music on it. It then restarted my phone and now I have all the photos, contacts, notes ect. From my iPhone 4 and lost everything that was on my 5c. How do I get my things back to this phone?
if you have a backup either in youur laptop or in the icloud you can but jut like photos on the carrete and apps, everything but music, music will always sync whit the one that is on your pc/mac
You cannot restore or combine 2 different backups. So if you restored the iPhone 4 contents to the new phone they overwrote any content you had added to the iPhone 5C. You can still sync your music, videos and apps from your computer to your 5C, but other content is gone.
I need to do factory reset to my iPhone 5 and I don't want to lose my messages. Please help.
Hello MannyFresh1906, Thanks for using Apple Support Communities. For more information on this, take a look at iTunes: About iOS backupshttp://support.apple.com/kb/ht4946 What does iTunes back up iTunes will back up the following information Messages (iMessage and carrier SMS or MMS pictures and videos) Best of luck,Mario
icloud Demanded the password, I didn't have...I Factory Reset the phone, and now cannot get passed the Apple ID, Activation screen. It has been five days.  No One can seem to help.
Hi Apple ID gone rogue! I believe I have an article that will help you address this situation: Find My iPhone Activation Lock: Removing a device from a previous owner’s account http://support.apple.com/kb/ts4515 If this is not the situation you are experiencing, would you mind providing a little more information about the nature of the issue? Thanks for coming to the Apple Support Communities! Regards, Braden
I'm going to be travelling and plan to use a pre paid local sim card. Can I still access my contacts?
Hi Redfern, if you have a question regarding contacts and SIM cards on the iPhone, you may find the following article helpful: iPhone: Understanding SIM cards http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4994 Regards, - Brenden
what is the app page limit for iPhones?
It appear to be 15.
How much is an out of warranty iphone 5s?
In the United States, repairs cost $269. For other countries, click here.
Please help my son locked his ipod  and forgot password????
Hi jhall69h, Welcome to the Support Communities!  The following article should help you with this: iPod: How to use the Screen Lock http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1350
When i connect my i pod classic to my labtop i wont connect everything freezes
Hey Sid-Vicious, Thanks for the question. I understand you are experiencing issues with iTunes when connecting your iPod. The following resource may provide a solution: iTunes: May become unresponsive when connecting iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch http://support.apple.com/kb/TS3219 Additional Information: iTunes for Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8: Fix unexpected quits or launch issues http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1717 Thanks, Matt M.
I just bought the latest version of iPod classic 160GB (late 2009) and the song options (when pressing the center button) are not what the manual state they should be. I was expecting the lyrics option and it is not there anymore. How can I see the lyrics in my iPod?
The trouble with RTFM is that you find out more stuff! Apparently, if Genius is not available for a song, guess what? That step is skipped too!
I've just got a Macbook air and would like to transfer all my files from my previous laptop a Macbook pro. It seems that the mac book air is not discoverable (or th Mac pro?!). When i go to Migration assistant one of the two computer doesn't recognise the other one.
Hello Marilynefromvic Migration assistant does not transfer data over Bluetooth, you would need to have it setup over Ethernet or through Wi-Fi. Check out the article below for other options on how to migrate the data from your old computer to your new one. OS X: How to migrate data from another Mac using Mavericks  Regards, -Norm G.
Hello, we must have mis-spelled it-- now we are trying to install printer driver software, and the password is not what we thought we entered Help to reset?!? Blessings, Janet
Hello janet-planet If you still have access to your installation disks that came with your computer, you can reset the password with that disk. Just follow the steps in the article below to get that taken care of. Mac OS X 10.6: If you forget your administrator password http://support.apple.com/kb/ph6317 Regards, -Norm G. 
It's a brand new laptop and when i downloaded silverlight to stream netflix, it worked for like half an hour and then my computer just shuts down. i turn it on again and delete silverlight but a couple minutes later it shuts down again and this time it won't turn back on.
Hello Alexis Start with the article below to get your MacBook Air to turn on. If you are still having issues, there are more options on what to do in that article Troubleshooting: My computer won't turn on http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1367  Regards, -Norm G.
 If I press the "Check Mail" button or use ??M, there used to be a small spinner to the right of each account name in the MailBox List.  It was very handy to know if the command was accepted - and would indicate if an account was offline. Is that function gone or can I turn it on with Terminal? Thx, Pete
Seems it's gone.  Such a shame as it was an easy way to see everything was working ok.  Why would they do this?
whenever i post photos directly from camera roll it compresses.. i just hate it
to where? What are you using to post from your iPhone?
hi, i just reset my iphone, but i forgot that i do not use icloud, and i lost all my pictures now. Is there anyway to restore all the pictures. please help me
"You cannot restore once deleted.
You should always save your photos to computer like any other digital camera.
Your iPhone is not a storage device."
"Omg:( kill me then. I store my photos in my laptop. But i reset my aunt's phone, and she doesnt have anything: no apple id, no icloud. Normally when i reset mine, my phone back up everything.
Anyway. Thanks a lot"
How can I block unknown callers?
if this isnt possible on the iphone then they should make that in the next ios update.
"It would be a cell provider action, not a phone action.
Try dialing *77 which is Anonymous Call Rejection used by many phone companies.
*87 turns it off."
For some reason, I am no longer given the option of transfering my phone pics and videos to my computer when I sync my phone.  I want to have them on my computer also.  What should I do?  ScotieGo
 iOS: Import personal photos and videos from iOS devices to your computer
Why does my iPhone 4 iOS7 network activity icon constantly spin?
My phone when plugged in to charge, charges for a few seconds or to a minute and then a message comes up, "this accessory may not be supported" "ok" it has been doing this for a week. thanks for help
I have a new iPhone 5C but this is happenning with my wife's new iPhone 5S as well:  I will get a phone number from someone and within the 'phone' app; I go to 'recent' tab, tap on the  and then tap on the "Create New Contact" option at the bottom and it appears to add the contact into contacts; but it does not.  It does not show up in the same phone's contact application nor does it get transferred to the iCoud to share.  In fact, in the phone application's "contact" button it is not present either.  Now, when I manuall add a contact to the 'Contacts' app; everything works (contact gets updated automatically to all iCloud devices).  What's up?
"I've read several discussions on this problem.  This is what I've found:  I did a reset to the settings, which someone recommended.  This shuts Siri off.  The Voice Control can hear me.  Once I turn Siri back on, I can not be heard.  Shut it off, Voice Control hears me....
 
I've done everything short of a system restore.
 
I also have an ipad and Siri works with no problems.
 
Can anyone help? 
 
Maybe I'll have to head to a genius bar."
I have the same Problems, the support says everything is allright, i delete itunes, i installed ios 7 new, each times, but nothing help...siri can not hear me!!!
does your siri works today? because your post is 5 days ago? when yes, what did you do?
OMG, Siri works with the earpods, but when i remove the earpods, siri still can not hear me!!!
Still not working.... The other thing I noticed is speaker phone doesn't hear me either. I was thinking hardware issue but the voice control hears me.
Ok i actually just fixed mine lol. Go to settings.general.siri. Turn siri off click disable or whatever message pops up. Then double tap the home button and close settings. Reopen settings.general.siri. Turn it back on. Then hold the home button and activate siri while in the siri settings. Let me know if it worked for you. It worked for me i swear.
"n the last few days, I've been getting the following error when syncing apps with my iPhone 4:

The app ""1Password"" was not installed on the iPhone ""Isla 4"" because an unknown error occurred (0xE800002D).

The app name is irrelevant, because it says this about every single app that is out of sync between my iPhone and MacBook. I am a professional technology consultant, so have already tried a number of steps to resolve the problem. What I know so far is this: 

1 - Using a different sync cable made no difference.
2 - Using a different USB port made no difference.
3 - I can download apps directly to my iPhone without trouble, but they don't sync back to my Mac.
4 - I can download apps directly to my Mac without trouble, but they don't sync back to my iPhone.
5 - Syncing my contacts, calendar, mail and music all sync properly, and do not cause any errors.

So this issue appears to relate ONLY to app syncing (in either direction), and came up out of the blue.

If anyone has ever experienced this specific error before, and knows how to resolve it, please help! I've been considering a full wipe and restore of my iPhone, but it's a step I'd prefer to avoid if possible.

Thanks in advance."
Just ran into the same exact problem. 1Password and couple of other apps. Haven't found a solution.
"I had the same problem with my iPhone3GS.
So I *turned off* the iPhone (completely)
*Switched back on*, sync and worked just fine."
yeah,how do I fix the problem, or could the problem be fixed?
"Well, I fixed my problem.
 
AT&T said it was a brick. The Apple Store said it was a brick. They both said the charging port was damaged.
 
The guy with a hole in the wall repair shop took it apart and saw that the cable from the battery was ""fried"". He also said the charging port was damaged.
 
New battery, new battery cable, new charging port... $75."
"I have had my AOL account for close to 15 years (since it's inception really).  I've had a few problems wiht my password being hacked over the years, but nothing like what I'm going through now.  I rarely check my email through their website - I use my iPhone 4S. 
 
It all started when I was going through my AOL spam folder on my iPhone looking for a legitimate email from my lawyer.  When I moved that message, it opened the next message (truly spam) that contained a link (and possibly an attachment...I don't remember).  I NEVER open junk email on my phone, I usually just delete it.  Next thing I know, my AOL account is sending rogue emails to every address I've got stored in my phone.  It all happened in a 6 hour span.  I changed my password, and updated it on my phone and thought all was good.  Then I received an email from a friend that looked legit so I opened it.  As soon as I did it, I knew it was a mistake, so the cycle started again.  I've change my password at least three times since the second time and have used a random combination of letters (mix of upper and lower case), numbers and symbols 12 characters long, so I know it's not easy to hack, I keep having this problem daily unless I remove the account from my phone - in which case, everything is fine...the problem only seems to be present when I set up my account on my phone.
 
It seems like there's a keylogger or virus on my iPhone 4s.  I've updated my OS, I've updated my computer, I've backed up my iPhone...what else can I do?  Should I replace my iPhone, or delete my AOL account permanently and change to gmail?  HELP!!  I'm at my wits end and my friends are tired of getting strange emails from me! "
Please help me with this my phone is not letting me send or recieve messages and is telling me to contact apple itunes support. and it keeps requiring me to sign in every time i turn my phone on.. PLEASE HELP!!!
"Have you considered doing as it told you to do?
Contact itunes support"
Hi I really want to change my security questions because I don't remember the answers and I go to send a email for the instructions but I don't receive the email that I sent so what should I do
I can send texts but not receive them from only one phone number.  It is an android phone but others in the family with Iphones can send and receive to her with no problem.  Thank you for your help.
"i have iphone 4 and i use it without SIM Card , sometimes when i check it in my location service its show a different place from where i recently living but mostly its around it .
so i like to know if its normal or just a bug or any solution for this or not or whats going on !"
How do you not silence the phone when it is locked.   I settings/do not disturb, the only choices for silence: "always" or "only while iphone is locked".    How do you keep the silent feature off when the phone is locked.   I can not hear the ring....
Sorry, I'm confused.  If you want the phone to ring, just turn off do not disturb.
"Okay, and the silent/mute switch on the side is not on?
 
You can try a simple system reset - press and hold the on/off/sleep button and the home button at the same time until the Apple bootup logo appears.  Once it has restarted see if that fixes things."
Settings/ Do Not Disturb only gives me two choices under the "Silence" heading:  "Always", or "Only while iPhone is locked". There is a check next to the latter and I am unable to remove it. So, my phone never rings while it is locked, and it automatically locks if I leave it for a minute or so. Is there a way to set up so that the phone rings when locked?
"The only way to get around the ""silence"" when the phone is locked, is to NOT LOCK your phone.  In settings you need to unlock it, but that means anybody can see your texts/calls/ etc. if you leave your phone ""unsupervised"".  Otherwise, if you set up a locking time, you're stuck with the ""always"" or ""when it's locked"" option. 
 
I was missing many calls/messages because of this default that it was driving me crazy!!!"
"I just cann't believe this.  I thought that Apple engineers could do better.
My phone will vibrate when it is in locked mode but will not ring.  Why
did the engineers refuse to allow it to ring?  Why do I have to waste battery
and keep it from locking.  It makes no sense and I cannot understand what
the technical difficulty is here.  I have had plenty of cheap phones which will
ring on incoming calls but a ""smart iphone"" will not.  My wife has a brand new
5s and she has to keep her's on all the time too."
"Anyway to recover deleted text messages?
Anyway to recover deleted photos?"
restore the latest backup made of your phone
not sure how to do that.  can i execute a "restore" from my phone?
"If the messages exist in the backup, then they can definitely be recovered. Now there are 3 things you can know how to retrieve deleted text messages on iPhone:-
1 - Go to Apple Genius bar and see if they can help
2 - Restore from the backup:- This will get you all the messages you want, but will wipe out everything that came into your phone since the backup date
3 - Get a backup recovery software:- I have used a useful software and would definitely recommend it. There are other options though, like the one Daiya has suggested, but they are just too expensive. It does the exact same thing for much less.
Hope it can help you!"
I need your help. I have accidentally overwritten an existing voice memo in my iphone. I have not done any backup cos the voice recording was only done yesterday 14 April
No. You can't recover an overwritten file.
"Ive had an Iphone 4 for a while now (nearly over a year) and ive got the lastest update (iOS 6.1.3) but ever since I restored my phone ages ago I lost access to use FaceTime. Before I restored it I was able to FacTime different Iphone and Ipod users but now I'm not able to. My sister has an Iphone 4 just in black and she is able to FaceTime so I assume theres nothing new (like an update) my phone needs to be able to FaceTime.
 
Ive looked on the internet for answers and none of them seem to help. Most answers contain things like going onto settings and activating FaceTime, but I dont seem to have the app on my phone nor do I have the option to active FaceTime by going on to settings and then phone. I need help urgently as it's really starting to bug me.
 
Any answers would be most appreciated and useful."
As razmee said, it could be a restriction you have on, which would hide the option, check that.
"I can't activate it thought contacts as its not there
 My restrictions have a passcode which I do not know is there any way to find it out or no?"
"So you have Facetime !!!
 
Its just that you cannot connect to that particular contact.  If they don't have an Apple device (phone, ipad or ipod) then you won't be able to."
"I can not find the settings to change the default pin code on my new nano sim card on the 5s and iOs 7.0.4. I've also tried to find the solutiuon in the manula and by googling on the web i.g and on Apple's pages - nada, zip none...
Anywone please?"
"I didn't know there was a default PIN code or SIM PIN for a SIM card included with a new iPhone. There has never been one with any of the new iPhones I have purchased over the years beginning with the original.
 
Where I can enter a SIM PIN if wanted is located at Settings > Phone > SIM PIN."
"Aaaaha, there was the darn setting - I guess I could not see the wood for all the trees 
Thx for opening my eyes"
The default sim pin should be 1111.
can flash be down loaded on a kindle fire hdx?
should my fire hd be "sleeping" or "shut down" while charging?
Books not showing up in manage library
order can't be completed
Can you recommend a book about Winston Churchill?
Kindle Paperwhite - sudden hairline crack in screen
My kindle won't turn on
Problem using Windows 8.1 and sending doc to my Kindle
Kindle Paperwhite won't accept facebook password
I own old 2008 Kindle copy, I can't get the audible discount, even though whispersync functions if I purchase at full price
Does the kindle paperwhite spanish edition have text to speech enabled?
Where is my Epub book?
Book won't download to Kindle App
Problem searching in App Store, after 6.3.1
water damage to original Kindle. what to do?
Kindle E Inkd - Does it have full support for Web Browsing & Email
Still dust/gray spots, after 2 replacements!
broken kindle
email on Kindle Paperwhite?
kindle fire stuck in landscape
How to change language, accidently chose a differeng language setting
Books not in Kindle store
my kindle fire wont turn on or charge
Changing lockscreen wallpaper? Kindle Fire
Can I hide books on my Kindle Fire?
kindle fire hd won't play mp4 movies
can't read kindle on my android
kindle fire won't charge
kindle will not scroll down and underline book i want to read. the symbols come up instead.
can't get dictionary on kindle fire
can i transfer books from my ipad to my kindle?
Kindle Fire won't play any videos
Kinde Fire Not Charging, Frozen, Battery Dead? Try this approach...
Kindle for iPad Bookmarks Broken
Adjusting the lighting for Kindle App on iPad
Kindle Fire: how to add words to autocomplete dictionary?
Can you change the furthest page read (for sync-ing)?
deleting books from cloud
Kindle paperwhite - where are my books?
managing multiple kindles on one account.
I can"t get on line.
Amazon Instant Video App for Android?
"silk browser" not working!
Not at all happy with my Kindle Fire HD 8.9
Kindle Fire HD - downloading pdf documents from the web?
no sound on my kindle fire
Kindle paperwhite waterproof case?
Kindle Fire charging port getting loose
Can you password protect the cloud or certain books on Kindle?
Kindle fire wont charge or turn on
can I retrieve contacts that I deleted from an email account on my IPhone that I no longer have access to? I have synced the contacts with my computer and have not synced since I deleted the mail account on my Iphone. Can I still retrieve the contacts on my home computer?
Everytime i try to to facetime it says connecting then it just ends . My wifi is working just fine&amp; my friends are saying that theirs are doing the same thing.
From camera roll to email. Not going through. Not going to spam.
my phone is an Iphone 4s.I can hear the sound while the phone rung and I can use the speaker when I made phone calls. But it got no sounds when I try to play music,watching youtube or whatever.What can I do?Please give me some suggestion.
How to open carplay on my 5c
Some texts go through and are actually received but many others are not even though the sender phone shows it to be delivered.   All seem to arrive to iPad device, however.
Even if you are showing good reception, your data connection may not be good.
FaceTime isn't working. I call people and it will answer real quick and then hang up. Everytime I answer a factime it quickly answers and then hangs up. What needs to be done for FaceTime to work
Many of my friends have received the new update but every time I go to software general settings to get the update it doesn't appear, it just keeps saying checking for update it's been like that for several weeks now
Alright, here's my problem.  I recently sold my old phone to a friend, and somehow he synced his contacts to my iCloud account.  I still have my old contacts in a local backup that I can restore from, but as soon as I turn iCloud back on, it automatically resyncs *FROM* iCloud and I get his contacts again.  So my question is, how can I sync my contacts *TO* iCloud from my restored phone without downloading his first?
You should've wipe you iPhone before you sold your old iPhone. You will have more problems than just with contacis.
I know I *should* have, but a friend broke his phone and had to head back out of state for work in like 5 hours and needed a phone badly.  I was at work during this time, so I just told him to go to my hosue and grab it and he could use it.  I wasn't planning on selling it to him, but later he offered because he liked it so much.
log into your icloud account via computerm and manually delete them first before turning on icloud in your phone.
I tried that.  Logged into http://www.icloud.com, deleted all of the contacts, restored my phone so I had all of my old contacts.  Right when the restore finished, I went into Settings -> iCloud and it promped me for my password.  As soon as I typed in my password, it deleted all of my contacts from my phone (presumably because it synced from an empty iCloud account).
does warranty cover iphone 5 water damage?
No. The warranty covers manufacturer defects only.
you know how much it cost to repair it at the apple store? thanks
These are for out-of-warranty replacements and I'm not 100% sure they'll apply in this situation. I believe they will, though.
US apple store rate to get an Out of Warranty replacement is $269.00 for an iPhone 5.
Does an iphone need a SIM card to activate it when you first turn it on? If so does the SIM need to be activated or no?
If memory serves, the iPhone just requires a SIM to be present; it does not need to be active.
Thank you lyssa!!
I cannot get my iPhone 5 to print to my wireless printer.  Any suggestions?
First check if you have an Airprint printer and that you are doing the correct steps to Airprint. Help on that can be found in the article below:
Is it in the list of compatible printers?
Has anyone had any issues with using FaceTime and the old 5.1 operating system?
You are syncing it & copying photos to your computer once in a while, correct?
With no photo's on my phone I have less than 1 gb.  In order to upgrade it requires you have 3.5.
So what exactly happens when you try to use FaceTime?
When I call an Iphone 4 with 5.1.1 it says Facetime failed.  If an Iphone 4 calls me with 5.1.1 it will give the same, Facetime failed.  Ive tried it on different phones with different networks, same in all cases.
How do I deactivate imessage
If you still have the iPhone then Settings > Messages > iMessage off
screen suddenly went black
Try resetting the device (nothing will be lost): Hold down the Home and Power buttons at the same time and continue to hold them down until the Apple appears (up to 30 seconds). If the Apple displays, the reset is taking place, and the Home screen should display shortly.
why does the apple  appear then it all goes back black and no home screen......am I suppose to keep holding the buttons when the apple appears?
No, once the Apple appears, release the buttons, and then let it do its thing. The Home screen should come up shortly.
why my card was decline? can anybody helps me
Apple no longer accepts debit cards in many countries.
Looking for help restoring events deleting from iPhone calendar.
Settings > Mail, Contacts, Calendars > [scroll way down to ...] Sync > [change setting]
I just bought and iPhone 5s and I can't message pictures to people who don't have an iPhone. When I text ppl with an iPhone it comes up blue and when they don't have an iphone it comes up green. I have my settings for I message on SM and MMS is on too. I have unlimited texting and a 10gb data plan but my wifi is on and I'm currently not using my cellular. Please help.
You will need to activate your cellular data to send a MMS message.
Um, have you tried turning off you're wifi to see if the MMS mesage would go through?
But all I wanna do is send a picture
I've tried it doesn't work
Well, a picture is data so without cellular data you can't send one
Okay, so I tried turning my cellular data on and my wifi was off and it still says it cannot be sent
What is the exact message?
Message send failure
've just got my new Iphone 5c and took a picture to send it to my son - but it's failed. I thought the new iphones had this ability - unlike the Iphone 3 I've just updgraded! Please help.
Hi, i just bought an xperia z1 compact, all good with the phone, except for one big issue, the wifi connection. I always have problem connecting to my wifi. I have a sony vaio and it connects well with the router, even my wife's iphone 5s and ipad connect to our wifi pretty good. But my z1 compact phone keeps on having problems establishing connection with the wifi. Same with the wifi connection at the office, it had difficulty connecting with the wifi. My work around at the moment is to forget the wifi network, modify the network (for so many trials before working!), then after 10-20x of doing this, connection will work. But even with the connection, the signal is very slow. Can you please help? Reading from the support forum, this has been an issue by many before with z1, now even z1 compact has it. Please fix this sony.
I bought a new Z1 compact in Feb 2014, I encountered issues that tool bar on the top moved up and down automatically and movely very fast on the first day, also, the new device auto turned on wifi, bluetooth then disconnected 3G connectivity (default) then the screen started to pop up different screens. The vendor where i purchased replaced  brand new device to me, but so far, it has been the 3rd brand new Z1 compact device and I continued encountering the above issues again and again that I would appreciate to obtain direct support from SONY rather than endless change to new device but same issues are still there.
Which build number are you running on? You can check under settings > about phone > build number. I suggest that you connect your phone to your computer and PC Companion to check if you have any software updates available for your phon
Hello everyone, Firstly, nice to meet you, I bet I would not have never come here and meet you here on Xperia care but sadly that frustrating black spot brought me here. I have been using Xperia Arc S for longer than 2 years until 20th February when I became Z1 Compact owner. It was a good move to something much more powerful but the issue like that I have never seen before on my previous smartphone, is it really common these days? To point out, my Xperia Z1 Compact were never used in extreme conditions such as water, dust. Well, there is only one small black pixel on my screen but yeah those "Details make the difference" (according to the quotation) for me. I have paid for it not that small amount of money, especially here in Poland and I don't really like to get already broken product. Sending it to the service and waiting a month for a positive respond or negative one doesn't makes me happy at all because of that long awaiting period. It is also strange that, this black pixel is seen when my screen is off, is it normal with those dead pixels? I would like to hear an solution, advice or posts with your experience over this problem.
As uliwooly says i would recommend that you contact your local support or a service location for assistance. It's hard to say for sure but if you see it when the display is turned off i'm not so sure that it's a pixel.
Thank you for reply, appreciate it. My local support or service location will be the last option for me with this trouble but thats right how else I will make it dissapear by myself. I believe here on forum I can expect more precise answers from experts than calling service.
Well, this is very strange problem, I have heard and read about those dead pixels but this one in my issue is hardly seen even when I turn off the screen especially outside in daylight. My lovely Z1 compact never fell down on the ground and because of dust resistance I doubt it would be an dirt under the screen for sure, it just sadly pop up. Unlucky me.
Defect pixels is still something that exists on display panels and for most regions (like here in Sweden for example), 1-2 defective pixels is considered to be acceptable and not an issue with the phone. I do however recommend that you contact local support and service so that they can look at your phone. A defect pixel should not be seen when display is turned off and it looks a bit strange on your picture so it might be another issue with your phone.
I wonder if I could use the charger from my old HTC Desire Z phone to charge the Z1 Compact? They both use identical USB cables attached to a wall socket-usb adapter. I guess the only danger is that if the old charger provides significantly more power, perhaps it could damage the Z1. I can't find any documentation that says what the actual power requirement is for charging. I'm hoping that all the power-usb adaptors provide the same voltage?
You have to look for the voltage,it must not exceed 5V.The amperage does not damage your phone.But it is recommended to use sony original charger
On Saturday I installed a software update onto my experia sp and now I am having all sorts of problems with my phone. Does anyone know I uninstal this pls
You should first try a software repair:http://www.sonymobile.com/gb/tools/update-service/ If you downgrade,you might have problems with validating warranty afterwards.
Is that the same as the hard reset on the phone as it doesn't work
SUS will do a hard reset and a software reinstall.
I've been having a huge problem with the sound on my phone. A few examples are: when my music is playing, there is no sound. The phone also won't record my voice. It has the recording but it's complete silence. The same is with video and YouTube. You can see the picture, but you can't hear the audio. This is a new problem from what I can tell. I got it in September 2013, about 4 months ago, brand-new. There should nee no reason that it isn't working and I'm getting fairly frustrated with it. If someone could please tell me how to go about getting this problem fixed, I would very happy. Thank you
Have you tried a software repair until now?If you repair and do not fix the issue,it means hardware is the problem.
Do you have any idea how I would do that? I know next to nothing about technology.
Download sony update service:http://www.sonymobile.com/gb/tools/update-service/   Install,open and follow the instruction given there to repair.
I have recently updated my phone and it all seems to be going wrong.My messages will not open and a pop up appears asking to wait or shut down. This also happens wiith my calling and contacts. The phone persistantly freezes. Before the update this phone was great however now i am stuck as i seem to be at a loss. The battery is also going extremely quickly. Can anybody recomend some help.
Stop kidding man we're already pissed off. We won't get an update without ptcrb certification.
Edit-- Ok it seems legit looks like Sony will end support for Xperia sp with this update. 
My phone is randomly turning itself off - not restarting, I have to restart it myself, it did it in the middle of the night, luckily, I'm a light sleeper so the vibrating sound woke me up and I turned it back on. Also, I've had random vibrates for no reason - no notifications for anything, it just randomly vibrates - again, I can't have this happening in the middle of the night as it'll wake me up. Anyone else experienced these? I've gone through all the apps I can think of that would have notifications to see if I've turned off getting a notification in the bar but not the vibrate and nothing. These are the two things annoying me most at the moment.
I went on holiday to America the other day, and I took some some under water in the pool, I took it out and everything worked then on the flight home I plugged my headphones in and they don't work, I thought it was the headphones at first but none work, I'm sick of things going wrong with this phone, please help me because I don't want the hassle of sending it off
Get an ear tip and clean the 3.5 mm input.Let the phone dry and check again.
"You might need to visit a sony service:

http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/support/contact-us/"
When my phone started doing exactly as stated in the OP, I took it back to the shop who sent it off for repair. I was given a new phone and this too is starting to do it now. I had problems with my last phone, an Xperia S too. I doubt I'll be buying a Sony phone again.
When i am taking a photo the camera just freezes. When i lock my phone and unlock it the photo seems not to be saved.
Just been trying to view some video on BBC but the site says I need flash player.  When I try to down load it the phone says Flash Player "is not suported by this device".  Any ideas, anyone please?  Paul
Android does not support flash player anymore,it has been dropped since ICS or JB,cannot remember exactly.You can search the archieve of flash and download a version:
When my alarm rings in the morning (or any other time in fact) the screen becomes completely unresponsive, meaning I cannot use the slider to turn it off. The only solution I have found is to push the power button repeatedly try to get to the normal lock screen (which is also unresponsive at first) and mess around until that lets me unlock the phone go to the settings screen and turn the alarm off. Or simply reset the phone. This is a horrible way to wake up in the morning.
set side keys behavior to dismiss..see it will cut off alarm or not
I have just restarted the phone in safe mode and tested the alarm and the problem remained, except this time phone went a little strange. Once I had managed to get to the pattern unlock screen the dots wouldn't connect properly (I have actually seen this before breifly) and once in the drop down setting menu was opening and closing by itself.
Yep, same problem here. For me its just a few days old phone and the problem is there. To this point I have changed my phone 2 times so this is my 3rd phone (same phone from same store, pink). And I have the problem again.
Last night I repaired the software (which basically means factory resetting it and reinstalling the software) and awoke this mornign to an alarm that switched off when I asked it to. HOWEVER, after the alarm stopped, the phonestarted to behave exactly like statchana showed in the video. I restarted the phone and it appeared to go away, but that on top0 of the total hassle of reinstalling the software - spending all today trying to restore the messages (no in build app) and reorganising everything makes me very worried.
Its so strange, i went to show my friend and set a test alarm and it worked fine, but when i set the alarm for the next day ( so the phone isnt active for a while), again its unresponsive. I activated the snooze buttons on the side of the phone which worked BUT after this my phone started going wild like the video above.
The aluminum frame is bend on the back side where magnetic charging and power button are. If I press it a bit, the gap between the frame and plastic back side disappears. Is this little gap enough so the phone would sieze to be waterproof?
Don't worry. My phone has the same gap. It acts the same and the gab has 0,2 mm. I'had noticed this on many detailed pictures on some www sites in their test and reviev about superb quality build. I think this doesnt affect the waterproffness.
I got the replacement becouse I had 14 days to do it without giving a reason (sony store online preorder - 1st phone. Btw. It was screen crackling, not cracking. (strange old-phone like noise).
My pics of the gap will be uploaded tomorow. Becouse of the gap phone looks like 6 months old - it's hard to clean and it gathers dust and skin pieces easly in there. Premium build quality...
I'm tired asking for replacements. It is April now, and I still have to worry about January preorder purchase. This is pathetic...
i've tried to contact the support (reference number 1-1212169300) but with no answer for the moment. My probem is that the default alarm application does not support progressive sound. So i checked on the play and found 2 applications for this. But with this 2 applications, when my phone is locked (and the screen is off), the application does not ring nor vibrate, i have to push on the side button. Someone has the same problem? Is there any solutions? Is there any chance that the next update an option with progressive sound will appear?
Same problem here but for the ringtone, didn't check for the alarm. The ringtone plays at full volume, even if the progressive volume checkbox is selected in sound settings. I have the latest kitkat installed.
Hello, since this phone is waterproof i wanted to try it under water, and when i putted it under water, while all the slots were closed properly and there was also a phone cover protecting it, my phone turned off and from then it didnt switch on again also after i pressed the power button like 10 times
i did it before and it did vibrate three times, but after few hours, when i got home and charged it, the red light (which shows its charging) came, but then it disappeared after a few seconds, i also tried to connect it by usb on my laptop, but it says that no devices are connected.
i just found out that a bit of water entered in the memory card slot, and how can a bowl of rice help in this case? i mean the water is probably inside the phone and the rice cant get inside and etc.. and i dont even know how to open this phone, like taking out the battery and stuff
I did a factory reset and a clean install the latest update. Whenever I receive a message, call, whatsapp message etc. (or something that causes a notification sound or call sound), the sound freezes a bit or some cracking or lag happens just before starting to play. I tested it both with normal boot and safe boot. Is this a hardware or software problem? I need some Sony Stuff to help here. I have read all Xperia Z1 forums and some people have this problem. And it is on my Xperia Z1 Compact. This is a suberb phone and I need some help. Can I really need to go to Sony Service? or Warranty?
Hello. When a notification sound or some sound on phone starts to play, in the beginning a distortion is happening. About 1 second or less, sound is broken and it is so annoying. I tried it with headphones and external speakers and the phone's speakers.
"

You should not be experiencing overheating from this update. Do you have any issues with battery life that has gone along with the heating as this could indicate a problematic application?"
each time I go to the swimming pool (for 15 mintures)  in the afternoon with the phone, I have in the evening to make a hard rebbot (Volume up+down +power) because the screeen turns black (not full black but iluminated black) and then the phone screen starts to recover but ha have coulour problems and poor luminsoity... just as if there would have been a screen coonectivity problem.
I was considering the Sony Xperia Z1 Compact me to buy. My concern is the battery. What about the warranty, if the battery power after half a year greatly diminishes. The battery is permanently installed, the device must always be Paid ends when it happens in the 2 year warranty?
Apparently, Amazon is not THAT interested in customer service/questions. There site has got to be one of the most obtuse/confusing sites to relay concerns or questions to customer service. I am beginning to realize that maybe the ObamaCare website WAS designed by Amazon, but I digress. The Prime membership citing 2-day delivery is not quite true. Maybe 2 days to the closet Post Office, an outfit that is overwhelmed, understaffed, and losing money at a nearly exponential rate! Since my mail is not delivered directly to my house and Amazon appears to be relying more and more on SurePost to cut costs, they may discover a shrinking database of customers. I doubt that they will admit to the switch to SurePost as a factor in losing customers, but I believe this to be the (early) beginning of the end of Amazon's large share of the mail-order market. Too bad that they appear to be run by short-sighted management.
I have accumulated a half dozen items marked "free shipping if order is over $35" only to find at checkout that most of them are not free and the total of free shipping items is reduced to less than $35 and a large shipping charge is added. The items are all clearly marked "free shipping." The deleted items are supplied by a second party but still marked "free shipping"
Once the tv reads "checking updates", the screen goes blank. I've allowed the tv to stay on all night and day and nothing. My computer picks the firetv up as being on the network. What could be wrong?
Books I purchased on line do not show up on Kindle. I've never had this problem.
Books I purchased on line do not show up on Kindle. I've never had this problem.
I ordered a product then canceled order 2 hrs later. Next day receive notice it is being sent. Do not need item, daughters husband already bought it. Why are they shipping after cancellation?
You cannot always cancel an order, particularly orders from third-party sellers
I was trying to redeem a digital copy of a bluray film I bought. I was credited the amount in my amazon digital downloads but when I pressed the buy button it charged my card instead of using the promotion credit like it was supposed to. I cant afford for my card to be charged for this. The promo credit is still there, can the cost still be transfered to my promotional credit instead of my credit card?
I recently placed an order and applied for a credit card to get $50 off and the credit card never went though
If you go back and read the offer thoroughly, I think you'll find it says the $50 will be awarded on approval of the application. If yours wasn't approved instantly, it may be a couple of weeks or more before you hear anything.
Tracing shows package was delivered several days ago, but we did not receive it. What do we do?
Wallace, First check with the delivery company. If you don't have any success there, then check with Amazon customer service by using the "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page.
I had a free trial of Prime for a while, during which I made several purchases. However, I forgot to cancel after the trial period, so I was charged for Prime. I haven't made any purchases at all since the charge, so will I get a refund?
Mary, You'll get a credit to your payment account. It may take several business days.
What do you mean by a credit to my payment account? Will I not get my actual money back?
The credit card that you used for payment will have the fee returned to it.
I have a $25 Amazon gift card which I'd like to add to my Kindle account. When I scratched off the silver tab the numbers were removed too. How do I handle getting the credit onto my account.
Why is my estimated delivery date a month after order is shipped?
Nobody here can answer that without knowing exactly what you ordered. Generally speaking it's because on the product page you'll find a notice that says "Usually ships in 2-4 weeks" or similar, meaning that it is not in stock and must be ordered before being sent to you.
I received an electronic product on the 7th of April. As of the 15th of April the price has been dropped from $120.00 to $100.00. The product was sold and delivered by Amazon.  How or where do I go to receive a competitive price match??
Contact CS. They *might* give you a price reduction, though it is not their policy. (They have been known to do so within 7 days of purchase.)
Placed order on 4/12 for in stock item..still not shipped on 4/16..why?
Jean, not all items ship immediately, if the shipment does not arrive by the delivery date given upon checkout, please reach out to our Customer Service team via the yellow "Contact Us" button on the right hand side of this page.
On 12/21 I ordered a gift my little girl wanted to give her Mom on Christmas Day (a book - Amazon's core business). I am a Prime member. Even though it said I could have it shipped for free by the 24th, I didn't want to take chances so I paid the extra money to get it by the 23rd. That way there was an extra day of grace in case of a problem. Of course it did not come until today - the 26th. So on overnight delivery it took five days to get a book. To put it mildly, that is unacceptable. How do I get a refund and to whom do I address my displeasure in an effective manner? I posted feedback on the shipping order and received no reply from Amazon.
Did you ever get a response to this? I am encountering a similar problem (paying extra for one-day delivery and not getting the item on time). I merely would like a refund for the service I paid for but did not receive - not return the item. How is a user supposed to get the attention of this behemoth. Odd, because they seem to have no problem imposing an "a to z satisfaction guarantee" on third parties, but I can't find a similar option for items sold by Amazon itself..
I'm an author of multiple books. How do I find out if any of my books are selling? My books are placed in Amazon by my publisher.
Have you asked your publisher?
Ask your publisher? Look on the product page for your book and notice the ranking. If you find rankings lower than yours, you'll know you've sold more books than those people.
hello. I wonder if the online attention also has attention in Spanish?
I copied and pasted a review from Goodreads for a kindle book - Sword of Destiny: Hope Awaits by Christopher Bryant last night. It must not have copied because after I posted I noticed that it was a review for another book The Hand of Christ. I need to get that review removed so that I can post the correct review for the author.
Hi Paula, this Help page should be what you need:http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=16465311
when I'm on vacation and can not send orders how do I acknowledge that?
What do you mean "close out"? Is there a way you can put a hold on your items until you return?
Close out means putting your inventory in vacation mode. It does not mean anything more. Read the link given and behold, ye shall learn.
If I purchase a watch from USA will I have to pay tax or will it cost me what it says on amazon.
Depending on where the item will be shipped you may be charged taxes.
How do I delete my order history from my account? I ordered something as a gift for my husband and I dont want him to be able to log on and see it.
Monica, You can't. Your order history is a permanent part of your account
Monica, if you're concerned about surprise-spoiling, it's not a good idea to share an account with someone else. I'd set up a separate account - you can use the same payment methods, and if you have Prime you can even share the shipping benefits.
I am trying to find out what my balance is on my settlement from that lawsuit for e-books. I know there's a page that has it, I just cannot find it.
Here you go : http://www.amazon.com/ebooksettlements
I purchased a book for my Kindle and realized I already have a hard copy. I wish to cancel the kindle version. My name is Carlo Capomazza and the book is "Be Careful what you wish for" by Jeffrey Archer. Thanks Carlo Capomazza
Already answered here, please don't ask the same question more than once:http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums/ref=help_forum_tft_tp?ie=UTF8&cdForum=Fx2NFGOONPZEXIP&cdThread=Tx7L8C4OFD226U
My Amazon prime started on 04.14.2014, but when I tried to use it I received a message that I don't have Prime. How do I turn it on?
Dose the Amazon Logo on the top Left of the Amazon Page have the word Prime in it?
You may have accidentally opened two Amazon accounts. Ask Customer Support to help you straighten it out. Click the yellow "Contact Us" button on the upper right side of this page, and select phone or chat for the best results
I received some cookie cutters today that I didn't order and I don't think it's a gift. What's up with that?
My account is bloked. how do ia unblock it?
Please don't ask the same question more than once. Already answered here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums/ref=help_forum_up_redir?ie=UTF8&cdForum=Fx2NFGOONPZEXIP&cdPage=1&cdThread=TxG3CRJOZ8UQNY&newContentID=Mx1XYK4U039CV93&newContentNum=2#Mx2LJ64S76GT9BH
Purchased a keyboard that suddenly stopped working. I am unable to contact the seller and don't know what to do. Can u please help me!
What's the point in selling anything on here. Their fees are so high that the only one making any money is eBay. I give and will soon be closing my account of ten years.
"Weren't you keeping track of it during the month?  Everytime you list something it gives you a pretty accurate estimate of your current running total.  To be that amount you must have sold some things or else used a lot of unnecessary listing upgrades. 
 
My bill is about 3.25 X that amount and I know I made a pretty good profit.  I'm not complaining. "
I assume you haven't been selling for the majority of those ten years. Selling fees have always been around, and it's not like they're hidden.
I pay my fees daily so I doesnt feel the knife so deeply.
When I used to sell, I would make one time payment of $20 and when I used that up would pay another $20.  No surprises that way.
"My fees are $400+ per month, and it's money well spent.
 
You have to spend money to make money.
 
Have you ever thought that it's not the fees, but the merchandise that you sell? You may wish to consider your product line.
If what you're selling is not worth the fees, than that's your issue to resolve.
 
Good luck."
"A buyer from USA, claimed item was not as described despite it was exactly as described. We immediately request her to return the item to our return address for a full refund as a standard normal procesuder.
She said she WILL NOT RETURN and MAKE my Shop closed through Ebay...Furious buyer! and opened a case for refund. We immediately responded to return item back for refund, BUT it was a different CASE composition than available to buyers from the rest of the world, She escaleted case insisting not to return item but got her mony refunded, AND SHE DID.She got money from our paypal account with help of EBAY with returning item.We are selling precious metal items SILVER and exposed to such abuses.

NOW SHE ROBBED US with help of Ebay Customer support,
We tried to apply via Emails but Ebay refused to reply,despite they did many times before. Instead redirected to phone conversation which is not LEGALLY BINDING nor any records for further action was possible. Obviously ommiting Email support is a EVASION from giving Legally binding responses?!!and it is an infringement of USER/Consumer rights as service consumers us.

HOW CAN NOW EVER YOU MAY NOT ROBBED NEXT TIME BY ANOTHER US BUYER WITH HELP OF Ebay customer support?

What is this if it is NOT a DISCRIMINATION??

(We are European seller.)
"
"I MEAN BUYER DID NOT RETURN ITEM, REFUSED TO RETURN AND EBAY REFUNDED TO BUYER despite refusing to return! It is somehow written different above

this is not valid for buyers frome Elsewhere ONLY FROM USA."
Ebay sided with the buyer because you seem to have a history of selling plated items and insulting the buyers when they complain.
are you sure they refunded from your funds?  Ebay will many times give a courtesy refund where the buyer gets to keep the item but ebay refunds them and not you
"Ebay refunded from my Paypal Account forcefully in 4 hours or so after it is escaleted without requiring return of items. They are gone, They are silver and I am exposed to risk of sending precious metal items to such many!

 

In fact, when Buyer opened case, I responded each time RETURN item for full refund,

Buyer simply refused and escaleted case to Ebay customer support, and when a case opened paypal payment of buyer is frozen until the end of dispute. Ebay customer support refunded money from my account.

I never saw such a case. That is possibly because Buyer is USA citizen and I am a seller from Turkey(istanbul) simply discrimination"
"No, Only one who claimed we sell plated item is the one who robbed us.

We have 975 positive feedback? Do you think ONE and the only one is expert in testing silver?

 

Our items are all quite EXPENSIVE comparing to cheap plated items.And Admired by all

Beside EBAY does not decide on such line of evaluation.I know thousands of seller selling plated items and keep selling still without problem. We are silver findings producer."
"Email from Customer Support and also on case details page

 

eBay Customer Support comments: ""eBay has decided to refund the buyer. You are not required to reimburse the buyer or eBay, and this case will not be counted in your seller performance evaluation."" Final decision: You were not found at fault. Transaction information: We've removed the hold on this PayPal transaction

 

So simple They KNOW I was NOT FAULTY because I request return for full refund but they immediately refunded as above without return MONEY GONE, MY SILVER GONE..
"
Looks like Ebay refunded the buyer not you.  So, you should still have your money and the buyer keeps the merchandise.  If the money is not in your account I would call them and read what they sent you. 
"""After reviewing your eBay account, we have concerns about your selling activity. As a result we've taken the following actions on your account:
- Selling privileges have been indefinitely restricted. You won't be able to list new items. You're also not allowed to register a new account""
 
I have been selling successfully for over 4 yrs on my personal account - this makes no since to me, the only thing I can think of is there have been several buyers ask to cancel bids lately, and I ablige them because I do not want to 'force' a sale and most buyers do not know how to cancel their own bid - could this be the cause?? I was not given any specific reason.  I called Ebay to inquire - they told me they were going to enter an appeal for me cause they could not see anything on my account to warrant this outcome. It's been 3 days so far and no word on an outcome.
 
If they do re-instate my acct, will I have to start from scratch on my listings? - I had about 150 listings...and YIKES that will be a nightmare!
 
Thanks ~"
"Sorry but from  reading posts from others here they will most likely never let you sell again.
 
What I find highly unethical is that they ban you from listing but they don't mind taking your monthly fee for the store in which you can not sell in. You would think they would close that down also. They just hope you won't notice."
The 4.7 DSR for shipping and handling charges is what did you in. It looks like the cut off point is 4.8.  I've seen ebay drop several sellers with 4.8 DSR's and 100% feedback.
"So once you go below that number your finished? Somthing is wrong with their rating system since I see large sellers with lots of neturals and negative feedbacks but they have high volume sales and they have all 5.0
 
So if you get a couple buyers giving you low DSRs they can add up quickly giving those low numbers. My numbers look like this in my dashboard and from the 8/10/2013 to 10/31/2013 they were all 5s and shipping was 4.97 the figures below was for 12 months. 
 
  4.94 0.00% (0)
  5.00 0.00% (0)
  4.97 0.00% (0)
  4.91 0.96% (1)
"
"BBB is a good answer. Who would ever know that you can be fired from ebay because of buyers. I know for me I pack my items they way I would like to receive my purchases in the mail and the sellers that I did purchase from didn't pack them the way I do. 
 
There's times that I took  a lot time to pack the item to make sure of this which made me lost money because of my time factor and I go the extra mile for the buyer with any request they have. I'm not a rookie or maybe I am
 
It's really getting time to bounce since ebay is not the same and workling to hard to make sales. I can't remember what ebay looked like back in the day but if you ebay it showcases thinks that I looked at years ago and if I sign up and then hit ebay they showcase collections etc."
"A quick look suggests a few things that might have raised a red flag.
 
You say you cancelled a number of bids. Here's what eBay says about ending auctions early:
 
""When you choose to end an auction early, buyers may feel disappointed. If you regularly list endings early, your account may be subject to account restrcitions and other consequences.""
 
You don't say why buyers asked to cancel. If they wanted to cancel because they had questions about authenticity of designer items, that would raise a red flag. What reasons did your buyers give?
 
 I see you usually have a 14 day return policy, except on the pricier items, like Gucci and Tiffany, where you have a No Return policy.  
 
Again, a red flag.
 
Could ebay be nervous about the authenticity of some of your items?
 
You say the stuff is authentic, and I have no reason to doubt you. But  cancellations might have been a red flag to eBay. Especially on an ID that is fairly new.
 
I hope you can get this resolved."
Some of the time, it may be a red flag when a seller doesn't accept returns on higher priced items. However, selling those name brand purses also makes the seller vulnerable for fake returns. What I mean by this is, that someone may purchase a genuine Gucci from her, but then returns an identically looking fake one, leaving the seller out of both her money after refund, AND the bag. I don't know the OP, but I thought I'd mention that, in case this was the reason why her account got suspended, it would be clearly impossible for ebay to tell whether this is an honest seller, or not. ebay can't physically inspect her items, hence it was acting based on an assumption.
"It's final - indefinate selling restrictions, had nothing to do with cancelled bids - apparently one stupid Burberry scarf they say was not authentic ((we called, they said add more pics, so we did and they pulled it again) - no current cases or complaints and one item not recieved from 4 months ago that was deterimed at the time - had a delivery confirmation and we were NOT made to pay the buyer as it was determined not to be our fault.  Ayway - were out, no warning, the ""appeal"" was rediculous.  This is unamerican way of doing business - but it was good while it lasted.  Good luck to the rest of you, and thanks for your comments.
 
(Cancel bid requests were due to customers changing their mind or wanted to bid on another item instead- once we added another similar item  - just wanted to answer one of the comments."
I'm wondering if anyone, besides myself, feels like their intelligence has been insulted by eBay giving us a 9% credit off the price of shipping, but they also raised the price of shipping 9%?! They did something similar a few months back when they gave us 500 free listing a month, but doubled the fee for everything over 500 listings. Just how stupid do they think we are? We're expected to be honest, or lose our stores, but where's the honesty in eBay?  Well, its back to USPS Click & Ship for me.
Ebay has not raised the price of shipping.  They have just changed the way the price shows when you print the labels.  The price you see before the discount is what it would cost normally though the USPS, then the discount is applied, Ebay is just now showing you what that discount is actually.
As longbeard said, the prices that you are paying for shipping labels haven't changed; eBay is just pointing out what you've saved by printing your postage through eBay rather than purchasing it at the Post Office counter.
"Obviously this reply was written by n employee of eBay, and continues to insult one's intelligence! Below is an example of eBay's charges with eBay Insurance, and the holiday discount taking the price back to what the prices were before the discount was applied ... and the next example is with insurance from USPS ... point being that eBay has raised its shipping prices to that above USPS then has given a discount to make it the same as it was ... doesn't that sound like an insult to your intelligence as well?
 
Postage cost: $5.60
ShipCover Insurance (for $29.99):
Premium: $1.65
Surplus lines tax: $0.05
Surplus lines stamping fee: $0.00
USPS Tracking™: Free
Your eBay Discount (12%): -$0.65
Total: $6.65
 
 
Postage cost: $5.60
Insurance (for $29.99): Free
USPS Tracking™: Free
Your eBay Discount (12%): -$0.65
Total: $4.95
 
 "
P.S. Shipping at USPS Click n Ship would cost the above package to ship for $ 5.05 with free insurance under $ 50.00. Before eBay added the hike, the package would have shipped for $ 4.95 plus insurance and other fees ... unless you chose USPS insurance in the drop down menu which would have gotten rid of the insurance fee and the added fees through eBay!
"Just for the records. I just printed a label through ebay and the price was 12.75 and with the discount it's 11.48 shipping to Germany 8 oz package. 
 
I went to the post office site, pay at the post office it's 12.75 and pay online it's 11.48 exactly the same and it's been the same but now ebay puts it in there as a holiday savings. Go try it for yourself. 
 
I lost my smart pills"
We have a meter from pitney bowes, and get a nice discount. Comercial pricing for a small flat rate box is $5.15 Free tracking. 1st class under 13oz is 3.38 and you can add tracking for .90. 
"If you print your First Class package postage through eBay or PayPal, the maximum postage is $3.38 too BUT it includes free tracking (Delivery Confirmation).
 
$5.15 with free tracking is the regular Commercial Base rate for a Priority Mail smal flat rate box, available through eBay, PayPal, USPS Click N Ship, etc."
"If I open a basic Ebay store do I have to pay insertion fees?  When I look at the information it says I get 150 free listings but then it also says I have to pay $.20 for each listing.  Also, are the 150 free listings in addition to the 50 one normally gets each month?
Thanks for any help."
You do not have to pay the .20 insertion fee on the first 150 listings.  After you have used those 150 listings, yes you do have to pay for them.  The 150 are not in addition to the 50.
"As a non-store-owning seller you get your first 50-listings free. That is to say that you do not pay for insertion fees.
Above and beyond the first 50-listings, you do pay. I believe for 51 and above, you pay like $0.30 each.
You also pay for other services; second category, bold ( if they even offer that anymore ).
I think that you also have some restrictions as to which format may be used for the ""free""s.
 
As I understand it...
Become a Basic Store Owner on ebay, and your free-listings ( meaning insertions ) go up from the 50 ( as outlined above ) up to 150 per month.
Above and beyond 150 insertions - you pay the $0.20 instead of the $0.30 per.
And, you still pay for extras services.
But, I believe you also get an additional break on the shipping.
 
Now, I'm no expert.
One that is an expert is sure to chime in...so hold off on opening your store until they show up with more information."
why don't ebay take back neg feedback when a person lies on you?
Because they suck!!!
"If you're talking about your latest neg, how did the buyer lie? Buyer says you show 2 in the picture. Your response tells the buyer   to  ""Read instead of just looking at pictures if you can!!"" But nowhere in your listing does it say 1.
 
At 91.3% and your first neg not rolling off until April, 2014, you may not be long for selling on eBay."
"tony...,
 
This isn't the first time you posted about the neg you received. You were told before that showing two items in a photo was not a smart thing to do, and that you did not make it clear the auction was for ONE binder only.  Yes I know you used the word ""binder"" not binder(s). Still, because of the photo you probably would have lost an appeal. 
Instead of worrying about something you can no longer change, why haven'y you improved your photography or descriptions.  You want to prevent another negative, if you hope to survive as a seller on ebay."
"Even if he stated there is only 1, Ebay has become more buyer oriented.  They go by the buyers opinion rather then look at comminications and seeing the facts
Kath"
"Why do sellers complain when they get negged for showing two items, and not mentioning anywhere in their listing that the buyer only gets one?
 "
"Tony
 
The next time that you wish to sell one item, try using the word *ONE* somewhere in the title or in the body of the description.
 
Another suggestion is to only take a picture of one of the items you wish to sell.
 
Less confusion=more sales"
How about the other neg I got? Let's take a look at it, the buyer says they didn't receive package but they did. I can provide a tracking number that proves it was delivered. I call that a lie.  Please check that out for me if you will, and if you still believe i'm in the wrong you must be kin to ebay!!
All delivery confirmation proves is that it was delivered by the P.O.. Does not mean the person got it. If they live in an apartment, it may be at the front office, someone stole it, a relative might have it, or was scanned but delivered to another address. The latter has happened before
HELP, sold a 3 pack of new men's underwear, shipped next day, buyer received in two days.  He filed dispute asking for a full refund $17.41 saying item description was wrong.  eBay encourages immediate refund which I did, $17.41 which included shipping.  The buyer sent 2 of 3 items back wadded up and he kept the original box, evidence of use was present with his return so I discarded.  When I inquired about the 3rd, he said he kept it for his trouble and left me a harsh inaccurate negative feedback.  I called eBay, got Asia rep who said she could not remove the negative as it was buyers opinion.  I don't think this is fair on ebay's part.  Where did I go wrong and what can I do.  I'm considering not selling on ebay anymore.  Iv'e been a member since 1998.  Thanks,
"You should never refund until you get the item back. Here's the procedure:

Receiving a returned item---

""If you reach an agreement with the buyer for a refund, the buyer should ship the item back to you.

If the buyer asked us to review an eBay Buyer Protection case for an item not matching the listing description, and we determine that the buyer is owed a refund, we'll put the case on hold for 10 days and ask the buyer to ship the item back to you.

We'll ask the buyer to use tracking or a Delivery Confirmation number so we know where the package is in transit, and we're able to confirm that you received it.

If a case was opened and we have confirmation that you received the item, we'll provide a refund to the buyer that covers the cost of the item and original shipping within 3 business days.

If we find in favor of the buyer in a case, we may seek reimbursement from your PayPal account or other reimbursement payment method on file.

Buyers are required to pay return shipping, except for rare situations when a buyer and seller agree to another arrangement or we agree to pay the shipping."""
"Why did you refund if the item was 'as described'? 
 
If this should happen again let the process run its course.  If your buyer loses s/he will not be able to leave negative feedback.  Be sure to protect yourself by taking excellent photos and providing a succinct item description.
 
Sorry this happened"
eBay gave me less than 72 hours to refund and I knew I wouldn't get the item back in that by then so I went ahead and refunded him based on what eBay said.
"Wow.  I have no idea what that was all about.  I'm not sure how eBay can state you will refund in less than 72 hours 'just because.'
 
I keep saying the same thing, but this site is getitng more and more bizarre.  I didn't sell much, but I stopped selling a few months ago, and now I just give my 'stuff' to charity - even though I know most of it is saleable.  But, between the hassle of listing and all the 'unwritten rules,' I don't think the money is worth the aggravation.
 
Fortunately, I had that choice because this isn't my main source of income.  I truly feel sorry for those who sell here and rely on it for their monthly expenses - especially those who have been here and remember 'the good old days' before eBay got out of the auction business and into the judge and jury business.
 
It used to be fun, here.  It isn't, anymore.  And that is just sad. "
"I can't believe this is all for 3 lousy (that's not the actual word I'm thinking) pair of underwear.  And, now we can't even see who the buyer was, or his feedback profile.
 
I don't have any suggestions about sites, and if I did they would probably disappear as quickly as I posted them.  But, I am sure others will.  And perhaps they can clarify what happened to you."
"One last thing just to make it a little less painful . . .  I found a site whose customer service is even worse than eBay's.  I didn't think it was possible, but it is.  And they are a HUGE retailer - Macys.  Their reps are more clueless than eBay's, and I never would have believed that was possible.  I actually had to call my local store to get them to connect me with someone who had the English comprehension and intelligence to understand and fix my VERY basic problem.
 
Maybe this is all just the 'wave of the future,' and old warhorses like me need to be put out to pasture because we don't understand. 
 
I used to love the Internet.  It connected me with people and places that I never would have experienced otherwise.  Now, the more and more that is put on it the less and less I find myself using it. "
Ebay does not keep there word!!!
I have the Beats Studio original version, and I have been experiencing problems with only one of the sides/speakers. There seems to be more quiet in one side unless I press on them. Also on that one side I am experiencing a static type noise after listening to them for a while. I do not have a warranty on them, but is there any way I can exchange them at Best Buy or get them fixed by paying a fee? Thanks.
When did you purchase them? If you are still within the return period you can take them back and exchange them. But if your outside the return period but not over a year. You will need to contact Beats directly for a warranty repair. http://www.beatsbydre.com/support/warranty.html
Thanks. They are out of warrenty and it has been over a year.
Yeah there is nothing anyone can do for you now. Your only options is to buy a new pair.
I have all the papers that came with it including the box and box cover. I don't think I have the stickers still. I also have the recipet.
First of all, when did you purchase them?
hi, i got a ipod touch 5g at best buy 2 days ago and it has i daed pixel. if i go back will i get a new one? thanks!
"MP3 Product recommendation, please?
I am looking for a portable MP3 Player with FM radio?
I previously had the Samsung U5 2GB MP3 player, but this product is no longer available.
Please recommend a comparable product?
 
These are the main qualities that I'm looking for:
1. Under $50
2. small/compact
3. very basic /easy to use
4. definitely with fm radio
 
What do you think?
Thank you very much"
"Hello agreene30

After checking over your specifications, I've found a few MP3 players you might be interested in. If you follow this link, you'll find them next to eachother with all of the different features listed as well below: http://bit.ly/11xvlvR"
"Thank you so much for your reply.
I decided to go with the SanDisk Sansa Clip Zip.
 
http://www.bestbuy.com/site/Sansa+Clip+Zip+4+GB+Flash+MP3+Player/3029051.p?id=1218373620544&skuId=30...

I can't wait to give get it!"
"However, I will definitely check these recommendations out in the future.
I hope the SanDisk will be a good choice?

Thank you, again!"
I have a Sansa Fuze, and though I don't use it much(bought it for working out....) it's the best media device I've ever owned.
"Thank you.
 
What is the difference between the Sansa Clip Zip and Fuze?

I certainly appreciate your help"
"I take that back, I have an older View model. The only real difference between models is mostly cosmetic and/or increase in storage capacity. From what I've seen the user interface stays pretty much the same. It's very straight forward and easy to use.
"
"Great!
That is what I like to hear! :smileywink:

I'm hoping to receive my Sansa Clip Zip this week.
I wanted something, convenient, easy to use, and not so pricey (especially when exercising).
 
I greatly appreciate your help"
This thread is helpful. I eventually want to buy something with an FM Radio too.
Is this headset (Logitech G230) able to be used for the MacBook Air/ Mac products?
Ben2020, it looks like this model is not compatible for macs.
"Ben2020,

It is compatible with macs. Its not clearly marked on Logitechs website but when you view the technical specs it shows MacOS V10+.
"
Really odd that they'd only list some of the operating systems on the item information page. Thanks Neihn.
Tory, if you noticed they do that for just about everything unless it is under their specific (for mac section) they dont list MacOS as supported on the main product page but do in the documents and further tech specs. Not sure why they dont mark them more clearly.
Alright, I'll make sure to keep an eye out for that in the future
So i cracked my 4th gen ipod touch and i bought a 2 year besy buy warrenty and took it to best buy and they said a new one would be shipped out in a couple day. When i got my new ipod 4g i noticed that is was significantly thicker that my old 4g and then i noticed that there was nothing on the back like no logo no serial number no nothing can someone please explain this to me.
"Most repaired iPods the backs have been buffed out by apple to remove the scuff marks. This in turns removes the printing that was on the back of the device. This is nothing to worry about as it is very common.

However if you are worried about maybe not having the same device. I suggest you look at the Model number listed in the Settings menu and either look up the model number online or post the model number here so we can help you determine if you got the correct one."
Ok i understand the back being buffed up but why is the ipod slightly ticker than my old one, i compared it to my friends ipod touch 4g and his is thinner??
Did you check the model number of the one you got to verify you received the right iPod back?
If you dont want to try to sort out apples Model number scheme you can also just use their website for warranty status. Just enter your serial number and it will tell you what model it is.
This still doesnt explain the extra thickness and mine was deliverd
Umm did you check the model number/serial number? If you got the wrong model/generation THAT WOULD EXPLAIN THE DIFFERENCE IF YOU GOT THE WRONG GENERATION. So again did you check the model/serial with Apple to verify you got the correct version?
Yea i did it says apple ipod 4g on the website
okay so even though its new and better is there really a big difference between the 5th genration and 4th generation ipod touch? Im trying to save money so which should i go with? Thanks
The main difference is 5th generation iPod has a better camera than the 4th generation iPod
"Smithjon is VERY WRONG! There is other HUGE differences!

Some big differences:

1. The iPod 5 uses a dual core processor vs the single core in the 4G. These means that the device will be overall faster

2. iPod 5G screen is larger! 4 inches vs 3.5 inches

3. The iPod 5G has double the RAM. 512mb vs 256mb. This also helps with the speed and response of your device if you have many apps running in background.

4. The cameras are big difference. 5 megapixel rear/1.2 megapixel front on 5G and a measly 0.92 MP rear/VGA front.

5. The iPod 5G is thinner and lighter.

So to say the main difference is the camera is not correct as there are plenty of big differences in the devices."
"The new one uses iOS 6.0
 
What that means in world of Apple products is that NEW apps will be coming out in 6.0 and you will find with an older iOS that there are a lot of new apps you will get a message telling you it will not work on your device.
 
It should not have an effect on music.
 
My daughter has an iPod Touch 2 that she got a few months ago from someone and it is frustrating to her that she is constantly getting this problem.
 
Touch 5 also has the iPod Touch Loop feature
Better Camera
Better display
Better resolution
Bigger Display
Weighs less
More memory 32GB or 64GB vs 16GB and 32GB"
Well, if you want to save go for the cheaper. 
If I were you I'll choose the iPod 5th gen.
Buy iPod 5th gen it's more accurate
hey guys, does bose companion 20 has adual voltage? 110-220 volts
"It is hard to say I can find no information from Bose on the power supply for it and I cant find much of anything else.

However some digging did bring me to ""Bose branded replacement power supplies"" Those units list dual voltage on the supply however I can not with certainty they are ""Authentic Bose"""
"In the manual, in the included parts, the power pack is listed with an asterisk. The footnote says ""Correct for your region"".
 
This suggests to me that the power pack included is different based on region, which may mean it is not dual voltage. Like Neihn, though, I couldn't find a definitive answer. Bose site has an Online Chat, you could pop on and ask one of their reps for that information. "
Thanks guys,bought from bestbuy two days ago and I'm using it on our 220volts outlet,working ok and sounds great,on box outside it says 120volts but the transformer inside says 120-240 volts.Thank you guys,One more question? which is better when it comes to clarity of voice and deep bass Bose Companion 20 or Bowers and Wilkins MM-1?I've already heard Companion 20 and I never heard Bowers and Wilkins MM-1 yet,any idea ?thank you.
Hey Hydrogenwv, when they say that it doesn't always mean what you think it does. My Toshiba laptop said the same thing, but the power brick was dual voltage. The difference was it came with a US standard 3 prong power cord instead of the Euro 220v 2 prong version. So just swapping the plugs out is all that was needed.
I have never listened to the MM-1 but anything B & W is phenomenal and will certainly blow Bose away with sound quality. I won't comment anymore as I have nothing nice to say about Bose.
Basically looking for an Android based ipod touch around 4GB.  It's for my son and I don't want to cough up the bucks for an actual ipod.  Not at his age at least.  Needs to be able to play music, videos, as well as download games.  Any ideas?
I dont know of to many specific MP3 players based on android. Only one I can think of is the Creative Zen Touch 2. Best Buy does not carry this so you will have to look at other places. One other large online store has it in a 8gb version for 69.99 or 16gb for 89.99. Otherwise you would probably need to look at small form android tablets.
Thank you for the info!
Samsung has the Galaxy Player 5, which is an Android media player with access to the Google Play (Android Market) store. I'm sure there are others, as well. To be honest, almost any android phone would work. I intended on using my Epic 4G as a media player when I upgraded phones... but it suffered an untimely death.
"I also know of some people buying Cell Phones and using them strictly as a multimedia device without activating the unit. (Wifi)
 
And you could also dial 911 in an emergency too ."
What would be recommended for a 9 year old?
If the 9 year old likes Angry Birds and Music, definently the Samsung Galaxy Music Player. Just to let you know the Android Market may contain adult content. When setting up the Google Play Store, you may password protect his account so he can only download apps for his age.
If I cancel Prime, can I still watched Movies I've Purchased?
Yes. Prime Membership only affects streaming of Prime movies, not rentals or purchases
When I visit Amazon instant videos to download my favorite recent TV shows they are listed as unavailable and remain so for days. This has not happened before. What is going on?
"Since you didn't include any of the shows you are talking about, no one here is going to be able to offer any thoughts. You do know you're talking to other customers here, not Amazon CS, don't you? 
"
"Ok...TV shows listed as ""unavailable"": Haven, Grimm, South park, Once upon a time, Hawaii five 0, The Mentalist, Dracula. I haven't tried any others. 
"
I am having the same issue - The Good Wife, Blue Bloods, Grimm and Hawaii Five-0. I chatted with a rep yesterday who couldn't help. I've emailed again today. I have Season Passes for all four shows and all are showing as Not Available for the most recent episodes
"Hi Larry and B.,

That's strange that some of our videos aren't showing. Thanks for letting me know which titles you're not seeing. I've reported this to our Technical Team to investigate. As soon as I have an answer, I'll post back.
Thank you for your patience while they look into this. "
Add Arrow and Once Upon a Time in Wonderland. Also unavailable.
Thanks, Robert. I've added both. 
I just got a new iPhone 5s. One of the first things I did was download Amazon Cloud Player and log in. All my music is there, but when I try to play my songs, I get nothing but errors (Exception #300 to be exact). I've tried closing and re-opening the app. Nothing works. I've already done the "contact amazon.com" thing and emailed the error logs. Any ideas on what to do next to resolve? 
It sounds like you've already taken the steps I would recommend. Reaching out to Customer Service to report the issue to our development team will be the best way to ensure it's fixed. Keep us posted on what they respond to you with
I have emailed the Amazon.com thing as well, twice a day for almost 2 weeks (Started September 25th) but have gotten no response. Any other suggestions? 
Have you tried calling our Cloud Player Support team? It sounds like you may not be receiving our e-mail replies. You can reach them by phone by following this link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/music-downloads. Please let me know how it goes
Try deleting the app and redownloading it and all the songs, a pain, I'd admit but worked for me. The error is likely from restoring from a backup from your old phone to the new phone, I had the same problem (exception #300) and deleting and reinstalling the app solved it for me.
Thanks, this is exactly what happened to me. Restored a backup from the 4s to the 5s. Amazon Cloud Player blew up every time. Deleted and re-installed. Now it is fixed. 
Deleting and re-downloading worked! Thanks for the suggestion. 
"i'm having problems, as well. it started after the iOS 7 update. nothing will play, and i get exception #172. i contacted amazon by phone, and they did not know what exception #172 was, nor what the problem could be. i've deleted the app and redownloaded it to no avail. they said they told the tech people and they are ""working on it."" they said they would email me, but i have not heard back.
anyone else had excetion 172? "
"T. Anderson, it sounds like they've alerted our Technical team about it. You can send the Cloud Player team an e-mail and request an updated status, here's their direct contact info: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/music-downloads
I hope it's fixed soon. "
Does anybody know of a simple way to get rid of duplicate songs in the Cloud Player other than manually going through it? 
I'm hoping you get a response to this, as I have the same problem. I have more than 30,000 songs in my collection and as I'm uploading them, I'm seeing hundreds being duplicated. 
I am having this same problem. Except mine is a bit more complicated with some albums in different formats and at different bit rates. Does anyone know if there is a way to get detailed information on a track? So even if I break down and manually delete that I leave the higher quality? Otherwise I am loving this very much worth the $20 a year. It also got me signed up for Prime. Damn you Amazon and your sneaky products that get my loyalty. :D 
I'm having the same problem. Hopefully someone has an answer.
"Hello folks,
I've done some research and there's really no other or easy way to delete the duplicate songs. It has to be done by selecting all the songs you want to delete and clicking the ""Delete"" button. The tech team is working on a fix that should be coming out within this month. I'll keep you all posted.
Bill "
"Hello folks,
I have received word that the issue has been fixed! You shouldn't get anymore duplicates when uploading new songs to the Cloud Drive. To get rid of the duplicates, you do have to do it manually though, because it's your personal data and we wouldn't want to delete something we shouldn't.
Bill "
"I am still having trouble since Sept. 13 with new duplicates being created. I am uploading from an external hard drive, so I have to find the folders to upload. It is an 80+ hour upload, and I have at times had it freeze during the process or shut down for some reason when paused. 
When that happens, I have it scan the volume again, and it starts again, and it uploads EVERYTHING again, creating lots of redundant files. 
Regards, 
Matt "
"Hello all,
I'll reach the tech team again with this new detailed information.
I'll keep you posted,
Bill "
Strange...sometimes Amazon Cloud will upload only what it doesn't already have (today). Later this afternoon after closing Cloud and restarting the process, it added duplicates that were already uploaded earlier. Strange. But otherwise I do love Amazon Cloud and have no doubt this will be resolved.
Just installed the uploader thing on my Windows box, had it scan my drives, and it proceeded to upload every single song (even though most of them are already stored in the cloud player, since I bought them from Amazon). This is very, very frustrating... 
I'm still having the same problem, I love the Amazon player but this duplication issues is driving me crazy. I'm glad to hear someone is looking into the problem. It is not random, the uploader seems to re-scan and upload every track each time it runs. I have two three copies of the same tracks. 
"I'll +1 to this post and add my frustration with how the cloud player doesn't deal with duplication very well at all. This has got to be the biggest annoyance of what would otherwise be a flawless product. 
It's almost like the uploader needs to be more of a synchronizer instead of being just an uploader. "
"Hello Folks,
Thanks for bringing this to our attention once more. The tech department is working on the issue right now, I'll keep you all posted.
Bill "
I was on the verge of making a commitment to use Amazon Cloud when I "googled" avoid duplicates on Amazon Cloud...after reading this, I will not purchase Amazon Cloud until this issue is resolved (I really want to use Amazon Cloud as I have put in an order for the Kindle Fire)....It appears that once you get the duplicates you cannot remove them. Also isnt this taking up a lot more space on the cloud...which means we pay more for the space used??? Im going to check out Google Music to see if it has the same problem. If this could get fixed...it looks like Amazon Cloud would be my music storage solution.
"That's not exactly correct. You CAN certainly delete duplicates. No problems there. Plus, music files do not subtract from your storage capacity. Music storage for the most part is completely free and unlimited. That is assuming you pay for at least the 20 GB cloud storage plan... which is kind of a no brainer.
I have been using google music since early beta, and the only thing it offers that amazon cloud player doesn't is instant mixes - or playlists that can be auto-generated from a song. Stick with Amazon, especially if you buy your tunes there. The things you are concerned about are not going to be a problem. "
I have the same problem. They should definitely provide an automatic way to do this, like gmail does for contacts. 
"""You CAN certainly delete duplicates.""
Is there a more efficient way than simply doing this manually? (Eg, ""scan for duplicates"" and delete?) "
"Actually, my cloud player has started making triplicates - it's almost as if when it ""scans"" for new music it can't recognize a track if anything about it has been altered.
Of course I'm not paying for the storage, but this is inconvenient when it comes time to download these tracks later, say, onto a different computer."
"No, unfortunately there certainly isn't - yet. This is the kind of thing that makes me wonder if the developers of the product are actually using it themselves Because if they were, they would have certainly encountered this same problem. I started encountering this problem on like day 2 or 3 after using the cloud player. 
You are right though Ash, it's as if the cloud player can't recognize the tracks it already has in the library. The uploader seems to lack the required intelligence to accurately ""compare"" songs on your computer to what's already been uploaded. Ironically, the uploader even says ""Comparing music found on your computer to music in your cloud drive"". 
The good news is that an Amazon Official (Bill) has acknowledged the problem as recently as the 11th of this month, and has reported that they are already working on this issue. That's about as much as you could ask for, and I'd bet the next update solves this issue."
"Hi Everyone! I'm sorry you're still getting double downloads. We're aware of the situation and even though we've implemented some improvements, our developers continue to work on this so we can make your Cloud experience hassle-free.
In the meantime, to delete the duplicate songs you'd need to do it manually just like Steve and Bill mentioned before. To avoid this from happening in the future, I recommend you to use the Amazon MP3 Uploader. The application will compare the music you have stored in your computer with the music in your Cloud Drive.
Thanks your patience and understanding.
Sandra "
"Following up on C Mill's post:
I used the Amazon Mp3 Uploader too (as opposed to...? What is the other method?), and now have duplicate/triplicate tracks.
I think most people like C Mill would prefer to wait until a solution to this is found; I have over 5000 tracks in total; would it make sense to download them into iTunes, delete the duplicates and then RE-upload everything fresh? "
"RE: would it make sense to download them into iTunes, delete the duplicates and then RE-upload everything fresh?
I don't think this would solve the problem. I found the uploader would crash/stop, and then when I restarted it it would make duplicates in the cloud even if only one copy of the song was on my drive. And there were MULTIPLE crashes in the process, resulting in multiple copies of many of the songs. Not all songs are duplicated -- there is no rhyme or reason to it. 
The reason I started using the Cloud Player was because I couldn't fit all my tracks on my laptop, so my iTunes could only play a selection from my collection. Cloud Player was a perfect solution, except for this duplicate thing. All the duplicates are inconvenient when I want to listen to one album, but not in random order. I am slowly deleting duplicates, which is no fun. 
By the way, does anyone know if there is a way to play an album in ""track order"" on the player? 
Regards, 
Matt "
"I too have this duplicate problem. It is very frustrating. I estimate 1 out of every 5 tracks is a duplicate. I have thousands of tracks and do not feel like nuking the account and reuploading everything.
iTunes can find duplicate song, Google Contacts can find duplicate contacts in Gmail, surely amazon can find duplicate songs and then give us the option to delete the duplicates.
For those of use with a lot of duplicates, this really ruins the experience. It would take hours for me to delete all the duplicates manually.
By the way, I used the Amazon MP3 uploader "
Will there be a cloud upload improvement that will allow and entire folder with songs or other files to be uploaded rather than having to select each and ever file independently? I have folders containg only, say, blues, or jazz. Now I have to open the folder and upload each song separately by selecting them
"Use their uploader, which allows you to upload all of your songs, or particular playlists of songs. It works great. 
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_uploader_install?nodeId=200593730#install "
"Cloud player works fine for me, except that there are many songs that will not stream anymore. While listening, the next song will try to load but instead will be skipped. The message, ""There was a problem playing the current song, skipping it,"" appears briefly, and the next song will play. Sometimes dozens of songs are skipped. 
I can download some of these songs and play them locally, but others will not download.
The only pattern I've noticed is that some artists' music is completely unavailable (Beatles, for example) and that makes me suspect that there is a contractual issue in play.
Does anyone know what's going on here? "
"That's really odd, K. Have you had the chance to get in touch with our Amazon MP3 team? They'll be able to access your account details and look into troubleshooting steps for you. To reach them, click here: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/music-downloads.
Let us know how it goes! "
Will do. Thanks for the direction.
I have the same issue. I'm traveling. Could that be the problem? 
I am having the same exact issue. I get a code that says exception #172. I have an open ticket with Amazon but they haven't fixed it yet. Anyone get this resolved? 
"I'm having this issue as well. The only place I've noticed it is on one album I imported that I purchased in 2005 from Apple through iTunes. I get alternately ""Exception #172"" and ""This file is unsupported. It could be DRM'ed."" on the iOS app and similar errors on the Mac/Windows Cloud Player apps (skipping tracks due to error on Windows and silence on the Mac side). I deleted the songs and re-imported and they imported fine but still had the same errors. I contacted support chat and they couldn't help so they initiated a support phone call. The phone rep couldn't find a solution but says they'll call back within 24-48 hours, but they also provided a credit on my account in the amount required to purchase the album from their MP3 store, so I deleted my imported songs and purchased them on the cloud player for free which should resolve the issue (you'd think it would have been matched by the uploader if it's in their library, but it wasn't--maybe due to the old iTunes FairPlay DRM in 2005? But in that case you'd think it wouldn't allow them to upload at all if the DRM was a problem, if it also couldn't match to Amazon's copy).
So, we'll see what they reply, and I haven't found other items yet where this is an issue (I never purchased much on iTunes though), but they did resolve the issue by giving me the Amazon version of the album for now! Hopefully this will help someone else. Give them a phone call first, chat can't do anything apparently (and even the phone person couldn't find a record of error #172 in their system). "
"I'm sorry to hear about the trouble you've had with the Cloud Player. I'm glad you reached out to MP3 Support - thanks for letting us know how it went!
Please keep us posted on what they say in the next few days. I want to make sure this gets taken care of for you. "
"So I have only had my new iphone 5s turned on since sunday, it is now Thursday morning and Ive received another alert telling me Im now up to 90% of my data usage limit. I upgraded from the iphone 4 where I hardly ever used up to 1GB of data (Im allowed 2GB).
     I have not even installed an email address into the phone so its not like that app is consistently refreshing its self and as lame as it is I always go back and close all apps Ive used when done with them. Ive gone into settings and turned off location settings for every app that is requesting current location updates. Basically whatever makes the iphone 5s convenient to use ive turned off for fear of this massive data bill headed my way.
     Is anyone else experiencing the exorbitant increase in data usage?
 
I know for the iphone 5 it was a glitch in the operating system but my phone has no current updates available. please help if you can..."
"Let's get to the bottom of this! 

Did you check online to confirm the data usage? Did you recently change you calling or data plan? 

JohnB_VZW

Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
"My data plan is still the same from the upgrade, I'm allotted 2GB. How I use the phone is exactly the same from the iphone 4 to the 5s; meaning at home Im constantly on wifi as well as when I am at work. The phone has all the appropriate passwords to be able to connect to these networks as it should.
After receiving the second notice in less than 24hrs about my usage and its near end I basically turned this new 5s into an ipod touch that makes phone calls. Meaning I turned off all location settings for every app AND turned off cellular data making any app updates etc etc only work forcefully only by wifi. After that, zero data used of course,but what's the purpose and point of have a fancy phone if it barely functions any better than a disposable flip phone?
     So next day, still no data being used thank goodness and certainly obviously I go through every aspect of this new 5s and set all the settings the the exact ones the iphone 4 had until I come upon the LTE option. LTE allows you to load data faster and supposedly is what Verizon is currently running on so if this option is enabled or not why is the phone eating away at my data when I am constantly near wifi networks my phone recognizes?
  The few complaints Ive found so far are about this same problem but for the iphone5 that apple had to fix with an update.
So what's the deal with this supposedly near perfect iphone 5s? Is it an update i have to wait for from Apple or is Verizon not really a 4G LTE network so my phone uses up all my data when it thinks wifi is too slow as well?
Why the sudden exorbitant eating of data?"
"spacial,

I vote that we get our eyes on your data usage and see exactly what's going on. Please accept my follow request, follow back, and then direct message me your name, mobile number, and billing password (or last four of your social if a password isn't present) for research.

EvanO_VZW

Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
Man, EvanO_VZW you sound like a str8 crook asking for someones billing password or last 4. Hopefully Spacial is smarter than that or anyone else youre trying to scam with that old trick!
Dude.  EvanO is a Verizon rep.  Come on, man!
"Firstly, anyone who is a Verizon rep can be trusted to help you resolve your issue, or at least to /try/ to do so. this kind of
 
Secondly, to the OP, this kind of thing can happen for several reasons.  If, when you first activated your 5S, it was not connected to a Wifi network, you may have used a LOT of data to re-download your apps and other information from iCloud (or Verizon Cloud) to make your new phone have the same information available that your old iPhone had.  This happens to people quite often who forget to skip doing all the downloading and so forth until *after* setting up their Wifi connection. 
 
Another possible issue is that you haven't actually used all the data.  If you log into your MyVerizon account and look at your actual data usage, does it show that you've truly used that much so far?  Have you called customer service to confirm?  It could be the case that you really haven't used that much data at all, and the system is sending you alerts erroneously.  Always check to make sure!
 
What did you do with the old iPhone when you activated the new one?  If it wasn't turned off for long enough after activating the 5S, there is a small chance that the old iPhone is still usable on Verizon's network.  If you gave that old iPhone to your child to use as an iPod touch, they might be using up a ton of actual data on it without realizing it, which is still billing to your account.  It's happened to others before!
 
Get in touch with EvanO_VZW and let him try to help you figure it out.  Or call customer service.  See what they can help you figure out.   Good luck!"
Anytime a stranger is attempting to access your personal account, it's a bad idea! That's all I'm saying.
I'd say for this problem you might want to visit a Verizon store to see if they can help....It's hard getting technical help online or over the phone sometimes because they can't see the phone. Sometimes when I have phone problems I think the rep doesn't believe me either and thinks i'm trying to scam or something... Idk...
I HAVE BEEN THERE DONE THAT NO HELP  ITS NOW UNSAFE FOR ME TO USE MY CELL TIME FOR VERIZON TO MAN UP
OUR DATA WENT FROM 1 TO 6 AND WE DONT USE IT  SO WHO DOES ?  TO MAKE A LONG STORY SHORT ITS NOW UN SAFE FOR ME TO USE MY CELL PHONE  IAM GOING TO THE CEO HE BETTER BE READY CAUSE IAM **** BIG TIME  YOU PUT MY FAMILY IN HARMS WAY THEN YOU ARE IN MY WAY SO LOOK OUT IAM NOT GIVING UP
GOOD LUCK MINE WENT BACK 6 TIMES AND IAM NOT DONE ITS JUST A RUN AROUND GO RIGHT TO THE CEO
WE START OUT WITH 1 DOING FINE  THEN BOOMMMMMM  WE ARE NOW AT 6 AND GOING UP
WE WERE TOLD DATA WENT UP BECAUSE OF BACKGROUND  WE HAD SAME BACKGROUND ON 1  BUT IT WENT TO 6
TO ME IF A PERSON GETS ON YOUR PHONE AND TAKES WHAT THEY WANT  ITS CALLED HACKING   BUT VERIZON OH NO  NO WAY   WELL  IKNOW WHAT I KNOW  MY PHONE WAS HACKED
LETS FACE IT VERIZON DONT CARE THEY JUST WANT YOUR MONEY
LOL  LOL  LOL  WOW YOU REALLY HAVE NO CLUE DO YOU
YOU HAVE A LONG ROAD AHEAD OF YOU  IAM IN THAT BOAT  I WAS TOLD IT WAS BECAUSE OF BACKGROUND    SO DO YOU KNOW WHAT A ESN NUMBERS ARE ? BEAT NOT  VERIZON DOES NOT LIKE TO SAY THOSE NUMBERS  I HAD TO TELL THEM I WAS GOING TO NEWS AND TV  AND I WAS GOING TO SING LIKE A BIRD  THEN I GET THE ESN NUMBERS THAT THEY HAD THE WHOLE TIME
THEY PUT ME IN DANGER MY WHOLE FAMILY  AND THEY KNEW THE WHOLE TIME  NOW IAM FORCE TO ACT LIKE A **** TO GET THINGS DONE SO BE IT  MY FAMILY COMES AHEAD OF VERIZONS POCKET BOOK
PLEASE DONT TRUST VERIZON  BAD MOVE VERY BAD  LOOK AT ME  BECAUSE I TRUST THEM  MY FAMILY AND I  ARE IN DANGER  SO PLEASE DONT TRUST ANYONE FROM VERIZON
You will not be able to contact the CEO and if you do, he will refer you to a customer service rep. His job is to run the company, not answer/fix technical issues. I'm not 100% sure what you mean by putting your family in danger. The data is probably being used with all the bug fixes for the new iOS. Sounds like your a little paranoid about the situation.
"We want to restore your confidence in Verizon Wireless, annypo!!! What is going on with the usage? I can also take a closer look to better assist. I just sent you a follow request. Please confirm and follow back. Then send me a private message with your name and mobile number so that I can better assist. 

Thank you,

LenaA_VZW
Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
I have experienced the same problem and Verizon refuses to believe that there is a serious issue here.  I have 5 phone lines that  have used approximately 4G/month of my 10G monthly allowance over the last 14 months.  My daughter recently upgraded to the Iphone 5s and my data usage skyrocketed.  Within the first five days of my billing cycle I began receiving texts that I was at 90% of my data usage for the month.  I added 2GB last night to be certain that I did not go over my limit, but that was used up in 14 hours.  I had Verizon review my account and they said that my daughter MUST be using her phone differently.  I'm sorry, but that is absolutely ridiculous.  If the phone is so high-maintenance that it can't be used the same way as her previous Iphone, how can it possibly be considered an upgrade?  I have the Iphone 5 and have never had this problem.  Wouldn't it seem that Verizon would recognize a usage spike of that magnitude to be an issue?  Needless to say, I am a very unhappy Verizon customer who doesn't enjoy her $370 monthly bill WITHOUT excessive data usage charges!
I am still having the same problem with all my data being used up weeks before the end of the month. I have the Jet Pack and IPHONE 5. I  have added 2 GB the month before last & another 2 GB last month. When I 1st got the phone & Jet Pack in April I was only using 4 GB per month, then all of a sudden, after the October phone upgrade, I started using a large amount of data. Wish I could get out of this 2 yr contract with Verizon. It is costing me way too much each month now.
What is a background ?
are you talking about the apps running in the background?
"Thanks so much for contacting us, aobp. Who likes a bill that is higher than normal? Nobody. You mentioned that your daughter recently upgraded which put up a red flag for me. When she got the phone and set it up installing apps, email, etc. was she using WiFi or the 4G network. I'm guessing she has gone from a 3G device to 4G which processes data up to 10x faster than 3G. 
Does she use WiFi when applicable?

TamaraH_VZW
Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
"I am having the same issue with my phones... I have 3 iPads and 2 iPhones in the house, plus a Mac and 3 PCs. We have also not changed our habits, we don't watch movies, videochat, or stream music. My problem is not cell data, but my ISP is a satellite service. My usage for the month was always below 15 gig, for the past year or so. Now after updating to iOS7, I'm using a gig a day, sometimes 2. I need help! I've turned off everything I can find, background refresh, notifications on most apps, etc. I am suspicious of the iCloud backups and also turned those off. I also have very lousy cell coverage at my house, and seldom have more than one dot on my signal meter. I'd bet that things would be ok if I could revert back to iOS6, but that seems to not be an option. I just bet that the same issues are what is eating cell data. I like that I can now see what the various apps are using cell-wise, but those are not excessive since I am on WIFI when I'm home, which is a lot of the time. I think this is actually an Apple boo-boo, but Verizon likely can't do anything about it. So what we need is a way to manage our data better, to know what is eating it up, and still be able to function. I have turned off my backups in iCloud and I don't like doing that. I wonder if the Verizon Cloud would be a solution--does it use WIFI?
 
I think I will probably have to go to my Verizon store and have a chat with them. Surely I'm not the only one who has a limited data ISP who is getting eaten alive."
"Hi MillerDL,

I understand your data usage concerns! I had a similar experience after the latest software update and I was able to resolve by doing a hard reset on my iPhone. The steps should be the same http://bit.ly/TDltcJ for all iOS devices. Give it a try and keep us posted.

AntonioC_VZW
Follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/VZWSupport"
"FOUND IT! This site has the answer near the end of the page. It is the Mavericks update, not iOS7, it appears.
 
http://www.ellenburg.org/index.php/2013/10/23/osx-10-9-mavericks-appstore-issues/
 
Issue also discussed here on this page:
 
https://discussions.apple.com/message/23733308#23733308
 
I have turned off the items they recommend and still see some data usage, but then I'm using it for other things. I think I need another day to be sure I got it nailed. This was just posted yesterday so it seems that I was looking in the wrong place. I hope this solution can help others."
"I'm having the same issue on my iPhone 5. Suddenly the amount of data being used is through the roof although I'm always on WiFi on instantly-recognized and logged-on networks.  To add insult to injury, Verizon tells me that I'm over the limit on my ""unlimited"" plan.  A quick look at my graph will show that I'm not a big data user of the cellular plan, but since the upgrade to iOS 7, everything has been crazy.
 
My primary issue isn't that the data is being used, but that it's obviously a problem and my ""unlimited"" plan is a joke."
I just turned off some services that seem to use data "just because," but they are the same that I've always used.  I also turned off LTE.  Let's see if that helps. It irritates me that in order to use my phone and not pay more to Verizon who already charges too much, I have to make it less functional.
I'm having this issue as well. I got the iPhone 5S about a month ago. The close of our billing cycle is 12 days away and we have used 75% of our data. I previously had an iPhone 4 and rarely even used 500MB a month for the 2+ years that I had it. All of a sudden either due to the iPhone 5S or the iOS7 update (or perhaps boths) I'm eating up data like crazy. I'm nearly always on WiFi both at work and at home, and rarely use my phone in public when I do not have access to WiFi. According to our online report, my husband has used 0.2GB this month (with an iPhone 5) and I have used 1.5GB. This is ridiculous! I'm starting here but will also be reaching out to Apple about this. Has anyone found a short-term fix to prevent their plans from going over the allotted data usage for the month? I'm not sure if we will make it another 12 days at this rate.
I just turned off the LTE altogether ... I'm not understanding how the LTE eats so much data ....except I didn't have problems when I have my S4
My solution I use with any data device is when I'm either not on wifi or not using the data features is to go into settings and toggle cellular data off. That way when I'm not using data aspects I don't have to worry about excess data being used in background and it improves battery life
"Go to Settings > Cellular and scroll down and see what apps are using a lot of data.
 
You can customize which apps use cellular data. You can also set app updates and music downloads to only use WiFi."
"I seriously think there should be some kind of a class action suit either
against Verizon Or Apple since none of us signed up to be charged for all
this excessive data that we are being charged for either due to October
upgrade  or using 4gLite.  I have everything on my phone turned  off
(Cellular, 4G, WiFi, etc.) so I don't use data and can barely use my
Jetpack (Hotspot) due to the excessive data it uses. I turned my phone back
to 3G hoping that would make a difference. My budget does not allow for
excess charges for Verizon."
"Thanks, I have already done all that. I don't watch videos, download music
or use a lot of cellular data. The only apps I use are Ebay & Facebook & I
have had them turned off for weeks now. I am basically using my IPHONE5
just like a regular cell phone."
But you have yet to say which apps are using (or seeming to use) excessive data.
"Turning my data off when not needing data features keeps me from having to figure out which app is a background data hog
 
Emailed"
You will have that happen, when you upgrade and switch your phone the data package is prorated for the remainder of the month. meaning you are at 90% of the prorated data amount.
"Hi my73dollys,

Oh My! I am sad to hear about these data spikes. Let's get this resolved. Are you using wifi? If so, are you sure that you are connecting? Also, do you close the apps on your phone? You can do this by double pressing the home button and flicking the applications upwards. Keep us posted. 

Thanks, BobbyS_VZW

Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
This looks like a "feature" in iOS7.  I have an iPhone 5 which has always been sweet till now.
"Hi, I have an IPhone5 NOT an IPHONE5s, & NO, I have WiFi turned off on my
phone all the time unless I am out somewhere there is Free WiFi. I use the
Jet Pack MiFI with my laptop when I need to be on the internet. Since the
October update, I don't know how to close my applications other than to
press the button on the very bottom of my phone. I'm not sure what you were
referring to when you said to double press the home button & flick the
applications upwards. Where is the HOME button? I also have been keeping my
cellular turned off on my phone. The only applications I have turned on are
Ebay & Facebook. With everything turned off, I no longer get notifications
from Ebay & Facebook. I do NOT listen or upload music & I don't watch
videos on my computer or phone. Hope you can help because I can no longer
use my internet as much because I'm afraid of using data. Thank you.
 
 
On Fri, Nov 22, 2013 at 1:43 PM, Verizon Wireless Customer Support <"
"When you double press the round button on bottom on iOS 7 the screen reduces in size and you can see all open apps, on each on flick up on the screen to close it, when you get all closed only home screen is left, just tap it and your done
 
Sent from my iPad"
We have the exact same issue -  an increase in data usage from the 15-month history of using less than 3G of data on our shared 8G plan to 7.9G and climbing in the past two weeks.  Our usage was at 75% on Sunday the 17th.  So I called VZW and spoke to both VZW Customer Service and then Tech Support. The excessive usage was mostly on our Jetpack so we reviewed the browsing history against the data usage and the Tech suggested that there was one website in common on both of the extremely high usage days and she felt that was the culprit.  So fine, we upgraded our plan to 10G so we wouldn't incur and any overage charges and then promptly emailed the website administrator to let them know there was likely a problem with their site (they have not responded).  Today, I received another notification that we are now at 75% of our 10G plan!  The "bad" site was not accessed so that was not the issue and now the excessive data usage has spread to the iPhone5 on the account.  What a surprise I received when coming to this page and seeing everyone else's complaints.  I was actually told by the Tech Support rep and then the supervisor that I asked to speak to that I was not being honest - that their data showed we had been streaming movies and downloading music.  I explained that if that were the case, I would simply have upgraded my plan and paid the bill without issue.  We do not ever use the mifi on the iPhone for streaming or music and we only use the Jetpack for music.  We just don't watch videos or movies online.   I asked all three reps tonight to review our account history and explain how we could be realizing such excessive usage on both devices, when we simply have not changed our daily usage, habits.  How could this happen on two devices, in two weeks, if it wasn't an issue on VZW's side.  They all told me that I was mistaken and that someone was using the devices because there is "no way" that there can be data usage if the devices are not on.  So basically I am lying?  Would I lie so I could spend an hour of my life on the phone with them and then another 1/2 hour entering my issue into the Contact Us page?  If we were using, we would pay for it.  No issue.  Tonight's conversation was enough to prompt me to start digging around online and that's when I saw all these other complaints.  There is also a long thread of complaints on Jetpacks too.  It is clearly a VZW issue.  Again, if we had increased our usage or had suddenly started streaming movies at 4am on a device that isn't even on, we would be increasing the data plan and paying the bill. However, that is NOT the case.  I am still hopeful that VZW will find a solution and stop telling their customers that we are the issue!
"

Let's sweeten up your phone and bring back the love! Having these excessive data usage can be frustrating.

Have you check you email outbox to see if you have an email stuck? If so, this email will continue to try and resend which will take from the your data allowance. If you see one delete it.

You also want to check the WiFi connectivity. If you lose WiFi connectivity and don't realize it, you could continue using as if you were on WiFi but are on the cellular network using data. Also, keep in mind that the WiFi antenna will go to sleep when the screen goes off in order to conserve battery life. This is by design and as soon as the screen comes back on, WiFi will reconnect.

I know that turning off data on the phone can be inconvenient but it's the best way of making sure you're not using data when connected to WiFi.

JohnB_VZW

Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport"
"Hello JohnB_VZW,
Not sure who you are responding to as my screen name is not vegasrenie.  I
am having the same issue with my phone and my jetpack but my screen
name is *UnhappyVZWCustomer
<https://community.verizonwireless.com/people/UnhappyVZWCustomer> .  *
 
*Are you replying to my issues because you did not address the jetpack
issue at all.  In case you were replying to me, I checked my email and
there is nothing stuck in the outbox.  I am not sure what you are
suggesting about the wifi.  I am not using wifi to connect to my computer
or tablet to the internet.  I am using the mifi hotspot that my phone
creates....which I have been doing since I got the phone in April and
again, usage activity has not changed.*
 
Thank you"
"Hello JohnB_VZW,
I am UnhappyVZWCustomer - was this response intended for me?  I received it as an email as well. 
 
If so, you can see in my email, checked all the email boxes on my phone, computer and tablet to ensure that there were no stuck emails.  There are not.  As for Wifi, I think you misunderstood the post, we use the hotspot (mifi) on the iPhone to connect the computer and tablet to the internet.  We have been doing so since we got the iPhone in April. 
 
If your response was to me, you did not respond to the issues with the Jetpack.
 
UnhappyVZWCustome"
"                 
Hi my73dollys, 

We would be delighted to assist! To review a walkthrough of this step we recommend visiting http://bit.ly/1f9lP7N. Please keep us posted after completing if you notice any difference with data reporting, thanks!

MatthewS_VZW
VZW Support"
i jst bought a kindle fire and they are sending me a new charger i think my charger port is messed up do i have a warenty on it to get another one and willit cost to get it fixed and who can fix it i really love the kindle fir i have but the charger port is liek its to low in kindle is there any way i can get it fixed or another sent for free plz contact me back at santana.sophia.allen74@gmail.com thank you my name is shanna allen
I wanted a few items by Easter, it just seems like if they are in stock they should be shipped. Why wait? to make me order Prime?
I ordered iphone case on 4/4/14 , when will it get here ?
I can not delete the items in my cart.
You cannot always cancel an order, particularly orders from third-party sellers.
I also cannot access my wish lists currently.
MamaLip, I just watched an Instant Video and I'm seeing none of what you are describing. Try these two possible solutions before you contact customer service.
Tracing shows package was delivered several days ago, but we did not receive it. What do we do?
Hi Diane, I had to remove your post to protect your privacy, as it contained personal or account information. Please feel free to re-post your question on our General Help Forum, just be careful not to include any personal information; such as an order number, e-mail address, or phone number.
There are "Help" links at the top and bottom of every Amazon page, a "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page, and a "How do I contact Customer Service?" link on the right side of this page.
Then use the contact us button to the right and ask amazon customer service.
Are you talking about the amazon store card?
Contact CS. They *might* give you a price reduction, though it is not their policy. (They have been known to do so within 7 days of purchase.)
I deleted a Dragon Kite with a pig on it from my shopping cart and cannot find it in recently reviewed or other lists. How can I find an item I recently deleted from my shopping cart?
No, it is not legitimate. This particular scam has been making the rounds for awhile (which is probably why the links no longer work...they've moved on), phishing for information in order to rip people off.
Jean, not all items ship immediately, if the shipment does not arrive by the delivery date given upon checkout, please reach out to our Customer Service team via the yellow "Contact Us" button on the right hand side of this page. Here's a Help page that will clarify how delivery dates are calculated:http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=3043211
I'm sorry your previous contacts have been less than helpful. I can certainly send a message to our Seller Support team in regards to blocking a customer from your Storefront. Once I hear back from them I'll post back with any details I have. Maybe another member on our community that sells on Amazon can offer some additional insight while I look into this for you.
If those orders have not been shipped out, see if you can GO to YOUR ORDERS TO CANCEL. AND, CONTACT US button to the right. CAll Amazon to see what they can suggest. U.S. and Canada: 1-866-216-1072
This is a public customer to customer forum please come back and edit your post and remove your email address. To cancel an order go to Your account >> Your Orders >> then click the cancel order button on the order you want cancelled.
Have you asked your publisher?
Diego, what "online attention" are you speaking of? Amazon has many HELP pages in Spanish. Not sure what you speak of.
Yes you can, that has been my experience.
Look here, on the left. Settings for Vacation
I was just posting about this same problem. All of mine are gone, too. I sure hope they come back because I had a LOT of stuff saved on there that I'll never be able to remember.
Depending on where the item will be shipped you may be charged taxes.
Have you talked to customer service every time you've had an issue? If not, use the yellow Contact Us button on the right. The only time I've had it take longer is with certain items that have to by law be sent ground or when I've ordered over a holiday weekend.
The easiest thing would be for you to check your list before purchasing, don't you think?
I made a purchase of a product and the pic was different then what was shipped. Why do I have to pay for the shipping back?
Did you have a question? If you contacted the seller then you did what you needed to do. If the seller is not helping you then you need to talk to Customer Service - click the Contact Us button on this page to reach them.
Monica, You can't. Your order history is a permanent part of your account.
Contact the seller.
Here you go: http://www.amazon.com/ebooksettlements
Click on the name above your post to get to your profile. Click the "edit your profile" button. There's an option to change your name there. edit: just FYI it can take up to 24 hours for the change to populate through all of Amazon.
If you mean on your Amazon account, use the "Manage Payment Options" on this forum page or from your account.
You have to use one-click to order Kindle books. Digital purchases are one-click only.
If you're having problems, I suggest that you check with customer service by using the "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page.
You need to send the email to the Personal Documents address assigned to your Kindle, not to Amazon.com. Or, if your plan is to publish ebooks via Amazon you may want to start out with their professional publishing tools, which are free.
Use the orange Contact Us button on the right for Amazon customer service.
You can return a kindle book by going to Your Account >> Manage Your Content and Devices >> find the title >> hover over actions >> return for a refund. You can do this within the first 7 days after purchase, this feature is only for accidental purchases.
Camila, By each item on your Wish List, you'll see a link to "Add Comments". Try that.
thatgirl- Sorry this is not a feature we support at this time, but we appreciate your feedback and I'll be sure to pass this along. We do have shipment updates via text if that interests you. You can learn more about it here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?&nodeId=201182580
No, more typically it's "shipping now" for 5 days.
There is a place that actually says "sign out" for those that feel like they aren't really signing out without it. Click on Help at the top of any page and it will say sign out on the far right.
How do you stop them completely, you mean? You don't, and just ignore them.
How would we know? We're just customers like you. Orange Contact Us button on the right for Amazon customer service.
Please don't ask the same question more than once. Already answered here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums/ref=help_forum_up_redir?ie=UTF8&cdForum=Fx2NFGOONPZEXIP&cdPage=1&cdThread=TxG3CRJOZ8UQNY&newContentID=Mx1XYK4U039CV93&newContentNum=2#Mx2LJ64S76GT9BH
Then use the contact us button to the right and ask customer service
charles, let's try a quick restart to see if it resolves what you're seeing.
Have you contacted the Seller? Have you looked into the claims process? ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_bc_nav?ie=UTF8&nodeId=537868 )
Help pages have answers to many questions:
" Apple said it must be a Verizon issue if the restore didn't help.I also tried resetting network data, that didn't work.
Anybody else run into this issue?  I'm at a complete loss and nobody seems to be able to help."
"Your solution was basically what worked.  There is no way to do this online in your account, but a girl at a third verizon store was able to fix this for me.  She shut off the phone, deleted the feature from my line, re-added it, turned the phone back on, and hotspot was enabled and working flawlessly.  
This is what appeared on the ""service changed"" receipt emailed to me afterwards (in case you want to walk into a verizon store and show them how to do it):
Added Service :
MOBILE HOTSPOT 4G PROVISIONING
Removed Service :
BLOCK MHS/PRE-PROVISIONED MHS
"
"I am experiencing the same thing. I called Verizon and unfortunately, they were clueless. Please let me know if and how you were able to resolve your issue. I cannot find anything online or on my account to enable, either.
"
"Try switching SIMs after a data reset. See what that does. If that works, then you should be able to switch back. 
"
Have you tried enabling/purchasing/adding the mobile hotspot feature via the My Verizon website?  Might be worth a try
"I called Verizon and they mentioned that you can't turn on/configure your personal hot spot until you turn off your wifi connection.  In other words, you can't configure an outgoing wifi signal while your phone is running on an incoming wifi signal.  Go to Settings ->WiFi and make sure it is turned off.  Then attempt to configure your Personal Hotspot.
"
That is false information.  You certainly can enable hotspot without first disabling wif, regardless of being connected to the wifi or not.Read my post above.  It was already resolved by having them remove the feature and add it back to the account.
"I got the same error. I was able to originally set up the mobile hotspot from the main settings page. It was the 4th button from the top. But as soon as I enabled it, the mobile hotspot button disappeared. I was only able to see it on the cellular menu that you screen shotted above. I tried 2 different Verizon customer service reps who didn't know how to fix this. One was a manager at a Verizon store and said this feature wasn't enabled yet and that Apple had to release a software update for it to work.Having said that, I tried to disable the WIFI and then I was able to enable the mobile hotspot from the cellular menu. It had a pop-up that said I needed to enable WIFI. I clicked okay and it is running now.
The personal hotspot menu item is now back where it was: on the main settings page, 4th item from the top."
"It's not false information, because it worked for me exactly as described.  It's possible different people have different situations.  And jbatchelor's solution only takes 10 seconds to try.
"
"His information is still false.  
There's something wrong with both of your phones if you have to first disable wifi before enabling hotspot. "
"You are incorrect, kovey.  The other two guys are correct.  I had the same problem and the same solution worked for me.  I turned off WiFi and was then able to configure hotspot without getting the Call/Go To Web Site/Cancel box.
"
"jbatchelor wrote:
I called Verizon and they mentioned that you can't turn on/configure your personal hot spot until you turn off your wifi connection.  In other words, you can't configure an outgoing wifi signal while your phone is running on an incoming wifi signal.  Go to Settings ->WiFi and make sure it is turned off.  Then attempt to configure your Personal Hotspot.
Thank you, jbatchelor!  This solution worked perfectly for me!  I simply turned off Wi-Fi, and when I returned to Settings->General->Cellular->Personal Hotspot I no longer got the pop-up box shown in original post.  Instead I got the Personal Hotspot screen.  And now on the main Setting screen I have a new Personal Hotspot menu item (4th from top) that gives me direct access to that screen.  Glad to know I don't have to visit a Verizon store!"
"Kovey - I had exactly the same problem and followed the exact same solution, achieving success right down to the same content on the receipt. 
The only distinction I faced was that I had to go to 2 stores, because the CSR at the first store stonewalled and said he needed a 'tech team' to look at any issue with the device. 
Great advice and thank you for posting it. For others - this solution is correct...I even printed out the solution, which eased the resolution when I brought it in."
I had the same issue after transfer of service from an iPhone 4 (iOS 6) device to an iPhone 5.   Since my iPhone is for business use and I have access to the Verizon Enterprise Support line I contacted them regarding the issue.   It appears that a 3G Personal Hotspot Plan does not transfer directly over to a 4G plan so the iPhone 5 wasn't provisioned with the Personal Hotspot service.   I worked with them to provision the a 4G Personal Hotspot plan onto the iPhone 5 and rebooted the device and then I was able to enable the Personal Hotspot service.    Based on my experience it sounds like the issue is related to a provisioning issue/equivalant transfer between 3G and 4G services that require intercession by Verizon Customer Support either in the store or via their call center.  
It appears that Verizon is playing some games, given that the recent decision by the FCC said they could not charge for the hotspot service under the equal access provision of the spectrum they purchased. Big red got hit with a $1.25 million fine and told to stop charging. So it appears that they are now taking the service away and playing dumb about it. The best solution is to go to www.fcc.gov/complaints, take the last option, fill out the form and let the FCC whack big red for you. You can even upload the screen shot or save this web page as a PDF and upload that as evidence.
This is not a solution.  The feature just never initialized properly.  The solution was to re-enable the feature as described above. 
Kovey, are you aware that if you have Verizon's GPS Mapping System Turned On, that you are Prohibited from using the 4G Hotspot? I still have Unlimited Data with my IPhone 5 and IOS 6.1.0 Beta (I am in the Apple Developer Program so I have Access to the Beta's) and the Personal Hotspot works just fine just as long as I don't turn on Verizon's Real Time GPS System (I use Apple's GPS Maps System Instead), VCAST Music, Movies, and/or TV Shows, and/or NFL App (they require you NOT to sign up for them as they do NOT allow Sharing of those Features). Just FYI.
KEV815PAN, you're talking out of your ***, quite frankly.  Verizon GPS mapping has absolutely nothing to do with this issue or 4G tethering.  Read the accepted answer.
"For anyone stumbling upon this, I was having a similar issue (though never got an error message). Called Verizon support, explained the issue to them, referenced this thread, and was up and running within 3 minutes. 
I also had moved from a 4 to a 5, restore from a backup. "
"I was able to activate my personal hotspot by doing the following steps. 1. Turn off wifi. 2. Do a reset on phone by holding power and select button until apple logo appears. 3. When phone powers back on, go into settings >  general > cellular. >  personal hotspot.
You should then be able to turn your wifi back on."
Hi - I did all of these steps and still get the same message in the original post that says I have to call to set it up.  I did that and the lady told me that it costs $20/month.  Is this right?  
"The cost for hotspot tethering depends on your plan.
For those on Verizon ""Share Everything"", it's included at no extra cost. "
"Hi jasnegosky-
 The benefits of mobile hotspot are endless! Our Nationwide/Americas Choice plans do not have a hotspot feature built in, but the feature is available at $20/month for 2GB. You can add the feature on vzw.com/myverizon. Otherwise our new Shared Everything Plans include the value of the hotspot built into the plan. Check more info here: http://bit.ly/xdDajD. Let me know if you have any further questions!"
"I was able to activate my personal hotspot by doing the following steps. 1. Turn off wifi. 2. Do a reset on phone by holding power and select button until apple logo appears. 3. When phone powers back on, go into settings >  general > cellular. >  personal hotspot.
You should then be able to turn your wifi back on.
This worked like a champ!  Thanks"
"The disable wi-fi / hard-reset / enable hotspot worked for me as well.  I was rather skeptical, but it did the trick.  Much better than having to go through the pain of calling support or visiting a store.
Thanks for the tip Internet Strangers!"
Just thought I'd add my two-cents on this, Lrknowlton solution worked for me as well. I have had an iPhone 5 on a government/educational contract, never tried to enable my mobile hotspot on it (didn't realize I had this feature on my account until the other day). I had to switch over to a personal plan with this phone and after making the switch, I decided to try to enable mobile hotspot and was running into the same error at the top of this thread. For me, turning off WiFi and rebooting the device did the trick. I can now get into the mobile hotspot menu regardless of my wifi being on or not and I didn't have to call Verzion. It sounds like different people are having slightly different issues all with the same error screen, so this fix is not guaranteed to work for everyone but it certainly did for me. Good show Lrknowlton thanks!!
"I just upgraded to the share-everything plan and added an additional iPhone to my account, and I was able to get my existing phone working by resetting the network settings. 
"
"I had the same problem, and got a solution, but a different way than what was mentioned above.
Apparently, when you have the data usage notification turned on, it messes up the hotspot provision. 
The CSR that helped me, made sure that the hotspot was provisioned, then turned off the data usage notification feature. This solved the hotspot issue. He subsequently turned the data usage notification service back on.
The CSR was fantastic in helping me find a solution.
Hope this helps."
I have almost 500 songs from my Incredible that I want to put on my Nexus.They are all on an sd card.Can someone PLEASE help me out and tell me how to do this? Thanks in advance.
"1. connect incredible to pc
2. copy songs from inc to pc
3 disconnect inc form pc
4. connect nexus to pc
5 copy songs to nexus
6 disconnect nexus from pc
7 listen to music"
"Thank you very much!
"
I'd also suggest you look at the Google Music service.  If you have a PC and can copy all of the songs off the Incredible, then just download the PC Google Music app and upload all of those songs to the Google "cloud" for free.  Then you can run the Google Music app on your phone and stream that music whenever you want.  I had over 25 Gb of music collected over the years and ripped to MP3, and I've now uploaded it all to Google Music and can stream it from my computer, laptop, tablet or phone anytime I have at least a WiFi connection.  If you are going to be offline for a while (i.e. on a plane), there is a "save local" option to store select songs or playlists locally on your phone temporarily.
Hi Mpinter. You look astute in this area so I thought I'd ask for your help. I have a Galaxy Nexus and a Microsoft Zune Pass/Player. I've tried copying and pasting/ dragging/dropping my downloaded music in my PC folder to my Nexus' Music folder to no avail. Am I missing a step? I want to utilize my Nexus as my sole music device and am eventually cancelling my Zune Pass. Many thanks! Please send reply to (removed personal email address as per VZW ToS...you can send a Direct/Private Message instead) . Thanks! Paul
"I previously enjoyed using the my verizon app on my other android devices but have not been able to use it on my galaxy nexus.  
When trying to sign into the app or widget I am given a message that says ""alert: username and password do not match""...
I can verify that this is the correct username and password as I have changed both trying to fix this issue. I have also tried restarting the phone, uninstalling the update and reinstalling the update, force stop, and clearing the cache. At this point I have run out of ideas as I havent been able to sign in for days.
Thank you in advance.
Edit: This issue also prevents me from signing into the nfl mobile app.  I am trying to enter the name and password that I log into my online verizon wireless profile. Am I incorrect and should be using a different login? I have the ""verizon login"" app installed on my phone. I cant access it or open it but I see that its installed under settings. Is this causing the problem? because I cant reinstall an app that I already apparently have."
"Hello, with the most recent update, my app is now working.
Thank you and hope this fixes the problem for everyone else as well.
The problem is solved for me"
Really, not one response?
"Hi srh1220,
I know it's frustrating not being able to use your My Verizon application on your Galaxy Nexus!  I would like to assist with getting it working.
First, ensure you're connected to the Verizon Wireless 3G/4G network when accessing your My Verizon application, not WiFi.  Next, I suggest resetting the ""My Verizon Mobile"" application by going to the ""Settings"" icon > ""Apps"" (Downloaded) > ""My Verizon Mobile"" > ""Force stop"" > ""Clear data"".  This will reset the application, and the next time you access the application, it will prompt you to log in.  Use your most current username and password.  You should now be able to access your ""My Verizon Mobile"" application.
Let me know how this works out for you."
"Hello,
This does not seem to work. I have read other forums that say to create a sub-account with the phone number, but that seems like a work around and not a solution"
THANK YOU!!! It was a VERY easy fix and it WORKS!!! 
I have tried this and uninstalled the updates and reinstalled them and nothing works. Please help.
"Hi,
I would like to respond to your suggestions by describing my experience with the My Verizon Mobile app on my Galaxy S III.  I have used this app (and it's earlier versions) on the original Droid Incredible, the Incredible 2, and now the Galaxy S III.  For the most part the app has been very reliable and has never given me any than the occasional glitch.  I have had the GS3 for about 6 weeks and until yesterday never had any issues.
Suddenly yesterday I started to get the error ""Alert! -  Unable to process your request, please try again later."", with the option to retry or quit.  Retry results in the same error, over and over.
I tried all the usual steps to fix it: in applications I cleared cache and data, and also uninstalled updates.  NOTE: On the GS3, you CANNOT uninstall the app, since it's one of those pre-installed apps that Verizon deems we MUST have, therefore there is no consumer choice in whether we have it or not.
None of this worked and I still get the same error, whether on WiFi or Verizon's LTE network.  By the way, this app SHOULD, and in fact used to work on WiFi.  If it didn't, then why would I be prompted to use WiFi when opening it and WiFi is off?  (This is another sore spot among many of us GS3 users, since Verizon has decided we need to be reminded to not use their data when WiFi is available.  I still have unlimited data and I intend to get the usage I have paid for out of it).
So for some odd reason this app has suddenly stopped working after running very smoothly for 6 weeks on this device.  With and without update, on 3G/LTE or WiFi, it just fails now.
I see from other posts in this thread that other GS3 users are having the same problem.  Just curious, have others used it pretty much error-free until just recently, say August 27 or 28?  That might be helpful to determine what has happened that is causing this to affects multiple users.
Anxiously awaiting a solution...."
"Hello, and thank you for your response but I have tried these steps numerous times with no luck. I even went as far as to perform a factory reset of the phone....no luck. 
Maybe if there were an update to the my verizon mobile or vzw login apps that addresses this that might be a way to fix the problem. Since these apps came preinstalled on the phone I cannot delete or reinstall them in order to try that option."
"Hello, with the most recent update, my app is now working.
Thank you and hope this fixes the problem for everyone else as well.
The problem is solved for me"
"The My Verizon App on the Galaxy Nexus doesn't work at all anymore. It constantly says username and password are incorrect when they are. The Verizon Login app is also no longer supported on the Nexus.
What's worse is as of today Verizon is no longer supporting the Data Widget! That was the most useful thing about the app. I would still love to get into my account information through the app, but it is no longer possible. Clearing the data in the Apps menu does not work either.
It's funny that the only two Verizon bloatware apps on the phone don't even work anymore. "
It sounds like VZW is discontinuing the data widget. 
Experiencing the same problem. Have not been able to log into My Verizon Mobile app. Username and password IS correct. Have even reset password on web site. Force closed app. Cleared data and cache. App is updated and current. Please help, Verizon. Yes... 3G/4G is enabled. Galaxy S 3 owner.
Does your login work if you log into your MyVerizon account through the phone's browser? 
Yes, the log in works through the browser.
Same issue here. Galaxy S3. Works fine via mobile web site - app won't let me authenticate with same credentials. Cleared cache, app is up to date.
Hello. My skype is stuck on loading screen like seen in the attached file, this started happening after a recent batch of windows updates. I have tried the solutions described here and here already without any result, I also have obviously tried uninstalling/reinstalling skype as well as simply restarting the computer multiple times. I am using Windows 7, 64bit, Skype's most recent version and IE9, though I was using IE11 at some point of my troubleshooting and it didn't change anything. I hope you can help! Thank you.
Try first this: "a link"
Oh hey awesome, that seems to have fixed it, many thanks!
We want to buy a large heavy bathroom vanity. There are not any reviews and the product is sold and shipped by the vendor, not Amazon. Is there some way to know if the vendor is reliable? Is this a quality product? For books, there is a ranking system regarding the vendor's reliability? Is there anything similar for other products?
Without a link to either the product or the Seller, no one can even guess.
Check the Seller's Storefront for any additional policies beyond Amazon's policy, which they must adher to explicitly. Read the Seller Feedback, see what kind of problems are occurring. Dig deep into these Feedback pages. Amazon has an A-Z Protection on every purchase you make from their site. Read it to be forewarned how to proceed if needed.
You can check the seller reviews on the seller profile of the website
thanks very much - i'll give it a try...
how do i stop amazon recommendations? i've checked hundreds of "not interested" boxes, no effect. help!
How do you stop them completely, you mean? You don't, and just ignore them.
Thanks.
To be clear, Recommendations automatically based on anything I put in my cart--perhaps not even end up buying - or on wish list - is one of the things driving me away from Amazon whenever possible. That and the worst search engine on the web, bar none, in which narrowing down is tedious, exacting, and wholly unrelated products are thrown at one in some vain hope? Plus different searches, like simply reordering the words, brings up a whole new list of items. Why not just a catalog, straightforward, show me what you've got for sale ...
I'm tired of having Amazon Prime and when third party vendors ship stuff it comes via USPS, which is the slowest on earth. I'm not going to buy anything else that isn't prime eligible.
I hear you, Hippie Sessions. I hope this helps, (shares link) feel free to post back if you have further questions.
I agree. How do I delete the recommendations? I now have 30+ pages of recommendations
I too would like to stop recommendations from my account. Its gotten out of hand. How can I stop this?
I feel you on that. Apparently, according to Amazon, because I've been interested in L.A. Law (I got the first season's worth recently, albeit not from them), they think that I'll be interested in Little House on the Prairie. Certainly not! What is Amazon smoking?!
Can I stop recommendations for Amazon App Store? I have three little ones on my account and I'm not interested in pages of Android apps. I do like the other recommendations but they are totally overwhelmed by the Apps.
Hollie, You can use this link Check the box for "Don't use for Recommendations".
At my office, I have enabled tracking on all prints on CentreWare. I have set up accounting on all the PCs in the office  - I went to printer properties, configuration, accounting, "do not prompt" and put in user ID.  The problem is that I don't know how to do this (previous steps mentioned) on a Mac. So when I try printing on a Mac, it gives an error notice that says "the job was deleted due to invalid accounting ID's". Please help. How do I enter user ID for accounting on a Mac?
I have tried ...-selecting doc to print -click print -select "xerox features" on "printer options" pull down menu -"advanced" on "paper/output" menu -under configuration, click "accounting" button -under accounting system, click "xerox standard accounting" - "do not prompt"  (and i also tried "always prompt") -entered the user id. It did not work. This is on a MAC 10.8.5 by the way.. Any suggestions?
Hi Rowan, can you please have a look at this post. If this does not help please provide us with the driver version on the MAC, the firmware level on the 75xx and if possible what type of accouning you set-up on the printer (Local Accounting or Xerox Standard Accounting). rgds, Please select Accept as Solution if you feel this post has helped you.
What post?
Sorry, the link was missing.."link"
No that did not help. It just told me to call Xerox Support.. who I've called several times and they have not been able to help.
Hi, sure please provide us with the driver version on the MAC, the firmware level on the 75xx and if possible what type of accouning you set-up on the printer (Local Accounting or Xerox Standard Accounting).
Hi all, My parents just drove in from Pennsylvania, and somewhere along the drive, my mom dropped her brand new Compaq laptop in water. She hasn't turned it on since (at least she says she hasn't tried.) If it hasn't been powered up, and I take it apart to let it dry completely, is there any chance it might be okay? Is there anything special I should do when drying it? Thanks in advance for the input.
Be sure to remove the battery before even trying to power it up. Do not power it up with the battery inside it. Taking it apart may surely be the best way to try and dry out the parts. Honestly .. its a crap shoot here on whether the laptop is 'ok' or not. Be sure not to 'shake' the hard drive when you get it apart. A hair dryer may help to dry the parts but I'd probably let it dry with a fan blowing over the parts for a day before I put it back together and try to power it up. (without the battery in it)
Dont take it apart,unless your qualified to do so.Just let it sit there till it drys,if it takes a week hey it takes a week but at least you wont have a dead laptop
Well, I've taken it apart far enough to get some airflow through it from a fan, and hopefully, since we have no humidity at all out here in Montana, it should get it rather dry. The hard drive was dripping water when I took it out, but I've got a few extra hard drives laying around, so that's not a huge concern compared to the cost of the laptop itself. They're staying until next Sunday, so I'm not even going to touch it again until next Friday...if it isn't dried out by then, it'll never be. Thanks!
So, as with most other complaints, my speeds seems to creep along and get worse and worse.  Today, I rocked a solid 2.26 download speed.  ...  Comcast customer sercice just said, to make sure that I was as inconvenienced as possible, to go and trade in the modem myself.  She was realistic enought to say that she hates being a Comcast customer also. I'll try to attach the "Speed" test here.    Any other suggestions or words of encouragement? I failed to mention that I'm suscribed to Blast speeds. 
maybe that will help "link"
I would kill to get 2.26 for my speed. Last check I was zipping by at 0.39. 
We need more info please. See "link"
WHY IS MY COMCAST INTERNET SERVICE ALWAYS POOR.
From my experience, Comcast hires unqualified technicians to install their equipment and only keep a few qualified techs that are actually able to troubleshoot the issues created by those cheaply paid techs. I fought for a month with their support about a poor Internet connection and they sent out 5 techs to troubleshoot it. All but one were TV techs and had no clue about Internet connectivity and testing. The 5th tech finally knew how to locate the issue and it turned out to be their equipment a mile away. The whole time, the phone support kept saying it was my equipment and not theirs. I now live in another state and a similar issue is happening here. I only hope I get better service this time.
We need more info please. See "link"
Ebay allows taxidermists to sell parakeets, cockatiels and love birds that according to the volume that are being sold are not dying of natural causes. These sentient beings are being killed just to be taxidermied. This is unethical and immoral.  
Whoa there! you need to get your facts straight before you go screaming "immoral" & "unethical". a quick search of current listings for taxidermy gave the following information: there is 1 (one) cockatiel listed the cockatoos are fakes - and state so in the title the parakeets are replicas - and state so in the title and, the lovebirds are coming out of Australia. so, now your probably gonna change your tune that ebay allows cruelty to animals because they allow listings for taxidermy supplies.
WOW Thou doth protest too much. No I won't be changing my tune. Apparently I hit a sore spot so there must be some issue there. I find it odd that because you "say" that the  Love birds come from  Australia  that you are implying that is okay to kill them!!  I don't think burds know national borders and feel the same pain of death no matter where they are born.  All beings are created my God.. Also I read on a website where a taxidermist said if small animals are taxidermied the person should always say the animal died of natural causes. It's kind of  like the old Saturday Night Live skit where the owners of a reastaurant only serve meat from which the animal died of natural causes. A couple order steak and then a cow is purshed off a building. by the restaurant. Enough said. 
All I hear is yada yada yada  But no facts to back it up.
I at one time would of felt that way too. Until I took a serious look at the items I own, like my favorite pair of shoes or that belt I am wearing or the ink I write with. Lets take a look at that soap that I use and I cant forget about the food I feed to my dogs and chickens. there are soooo many items we use daily that are animall products. Now I can see your point if an animail is killed just so some one can mount it. I am hoping none of the animals are on the extinction list!
Try searching "Antique Victorian Inspired Taxidermy Parakeet". They are real parakeets and pretty creepy by my book. An authentic old Victorian display like these are copying may have some merit but there would not be any place in my house for one of these. A quick look a few days ago showed the same seller using hamsters in some of them. I am not opposed to Taxidermy in general although I do prefer a European mount for antlers myself. The dead parakeet and hamster dried flower arrangements are bizarre though and make me wonder what the pet store thinks the seller does with all those critters.
I looked at the birds in the listings found by searching "Antique Victorian Inspired Taxidermy Parakeet."  They're obviously sick birds--liver damaged and infected with beak mites (which is a sign of immune system defects), also mature female breeders.  Death by natural causes?  Probably--or very close to it.  And yes, I've bred hundreds of parakeets and cockatiels, among other types.  Birds die--in a colony it's unlikely they'd last longer than 5 or 6 years.  As for the comment that implies that they're purchased from a pet shop, probably not.  It's unlikely that they'd still be in a sale cage at that age and in that unhealthy condition. So, you have a choice--toss a dead bird in the garbage can, or make use of the body.  I don't see anything wrong with it.
Why not? Ebay definitely allows cruelty to sellers! 
I couldn't imagine having one of those things in my house, staring at me with dead eyes...
On my 5, I have already disabled background app refresh and only have location services on for maps, weather, and reminders but even on my home screen this little circle is continually spinning.  E-mail is already sent to fetch too. 
That circle means that the phone is trying to sync with iTunes on your computer.
Hmm?!?  How do I stop this then.  I am at work right now and my computer with Ituens on it is 10 miles away.  Also my wifi is turned off.
Visit The XLab FAQs and read the FAQ on the spinning beachball - SBBOD - for suggestions. But you have provided us with virtually no information. Not even about your computer hardware, version of OS X, etc. No information on when the problem occurs, what software you are using when it happens, etc. We need something to go on besides "What to do about the spinning circle."
Thanks in advance for your comments/suggestions.
Any SATA hard disk should work, but you'll have to reinstall Windows unless you image over the old drive, a possibly daunting prospect.
pdsnickles
So, rdunnill, are you confirming that  the hard drive is dead, that this is the problem?
If you have an earlier image, restoring that should bring back Windows. I'm not familiar with Paragon, though.
Can anyone CONFIRM that the info given here is indeed a hard drive problem and might not be something else?
I encountered two problems like you describe that were due to failing power supplies, but this one could be the hard drive.
Thanks for the feedback.
In my experience, hard drives are not lasting as long as they used to. It's an issue for hard drives in general, and is not limited to Dell. 
Well no one seems to be able to tell me based on Windows cryptic error messages whether my hard drive is dead or not.
pdsnickles
Thanks for your reply. Was pretty sure it is dead but just wanted some confirmation since I am new to this dead hard drive stuff. (In 25 years of computing this is my first dead internal hard drive!) I've used mostly Dells so that's a good stat.
pdsnickles
Yes I guess I HAVE been lucky when I think about it!
pdsnickles
Another perhaps dumb question but hey I've never done this before so...
The driver file
Did you try downloading it again?
"Error Invalid self-extractor configuration.  This File may be corrupted"
Did you try downloading again?
Confirmed as corrupt.  I try to report these directly to Dell support when I find them.
I'll report it to my contacts.
Hey guys, please help! My monitor will not permanently wake up! I have a Dell Inspiron 530s produced in late 2007 and a matching monitor. When I start my computer, my monitor enters sleep/power saver mode. If you hit the button to turn on the monitor again it stays on for about 3-5 seconds then it turns back off, if you hit it again, same thing. Otherwise the computer appears to work fine.  Heres what ive tried so far:
Are you using onboard video or do you have an add-in video card (eg, AMD/ATI or nVidia)?
Hi, I'm honestly not sure. sorry no i cannot test it on another computer since I dont have another desktop. honestly im not sure which video driver i have but its the stock model, monitor and video card. I think it does have either NVDIA or ATI but im not sure which one. The service tag will remain a mystery.
Please remove your Service Tag. It's a violation of the forum's terms of use to post a Service Tag. 
Hi sir im not sure ill be able to borrow a monitor but i do have some other latops and a USB drive, however I can open the case. The monitor is attached on top in the Blue section. Worst comes to worse i can just replace the system. Any other ideas?
Don't know if you need to buy a whoile new system unless you really want to spend money on a new toy. 
Hi! 
Little by little...
Do you know the new PSU works?
Thanks for answering!
If the new PSU doesn't fit properly, are you sure it's putting out the right power for this system? If the symptoms are the same as with the old one, you might want to put that one back.
The new psu is a CX600W modular, the standard is a 525W so i thought that would be enough? The fans just spin once then quit, so i cant get it up and running past that point, it just blink 1-3 green a couple of times then turn off no matter if i use the old or new psu.
UPDATE
When i removed the cmos battery it resets and defaults to RAID ON insted of autodetect RAID and i suspect that might be why i get a BSOD stop error 0x0000007b and 0x0fffff880009a9928 when i try to boot it??
STOP 0x0000007b  means you have AHCI or ATA set wrong.
Thanks a lot for your answer! ill give it a try and post back, btw i posted in the harddrive forum as well with more details since it no longer is flashing 1-3.
After running the Dell diagnostics it detected a bad boot drive so i know what the problem is now. A bad PSU, incorrect BIOS settings + and a bad harddrive 
Boy, that seems like a lot to go at the same time, PSU and HDD. Wonder if the PSU failed and took out the drive or maybe if you had a power surge on the AC line that took out both... ??
Yeah i was wondering the same thing i dunno if it was lightning or something.
The manual is here, but there are zero details about the BIOS settings options shown. 
I have a dell inspiron 15 5321, originally windows 8, updated to windows 8.1, I had created a USB recovery disk through the dell back up and recovery program, but 43% percent into resetting the laptop, I got an emessage, after that I wasn't able to start win does anymore, so today I got the windows 8 recovery media disk, and the setup comes up, I input my language n keyboard information, now I'm looking at " windows 8 - install now , or repair computer" when I click on install now it takes me to another box where it says " upgrade Or custom" if I click on upgrade it says to restart windows normally ( which I can't do ) if I click on custom it show drive 0 partition 1, Drive 0 partition 2 ... Etc, and under all of them it says Windows can't be installed on "drive 0 partition 1" and so on. Any help?
I have the same issue on an XPS13 laptop.  The upgrade to 8.1 ran smoothly, but then I had multiple issues with user accounts and the registry is now fouled up.  When I boot normally, the 8.1 Splash screen comes up but I cannot log into my userid.  It just flashes back to the splash screen.
I was using my Dell Inspiron 1521 when it blue screened. I shut it off, but it hasn't started up since. When I press the 'on' button it makes a noise as if it's starting, the 'on' light lights up, then there's a 'click' and it shuts down again. Any ideas?
Hi shnaek,
I'm fairly sure I am right in thinking that that I would not be able to use the below ssd to upgrade the current ssd in my dell inspiron 15r se 7520, but the difference in the specs between the option i think works for sure is so different i thought I would ask.
Hi that one dude,
what I would like to do is keep the current 1 tb drive and swap the 30 gb ssd for the 128 gb ssd. So I would have a hybrid setup.
I ran a scan on my laptop through "MY Dell"  and got the following failures:
Hi Redman722,
I need some additional memory for my laptop. I checked Best Buy and Amazon. Best Buy's price, while not as low, is close. I'd like to support someone with a physical presence in my state. I see that getting it shipped to me could take until 1/17. Amazon says they can have it here by 1/9. With you, if I want to even get it this week, it's an additonal $12 for shipping. I asked the chat representative why it was going to take so long to ship this tiny item. He said I should just pay the extra money for shipping. I'd like to support you, but to pay a 16% premium just for shipping alone is far too much. 
Have you compared SKU numbers to be sure that you are seeing the same product? Sometimes they may be the same but under a different brand or package.
It's close enough. 4x2 GB DDR3 SODIMM. Both name brand and the same speed. Beyond that, I really couldn't care. I just don't get why Best Buy doesn't try to compete. Oh well.
Hi RN74,Without knowing the exact details as to where the item was shipping from with this competitor, the exact terms of their service agreement with the carrier, and the specific level of shipping it would be impossible to say why this competitor could get this RAM sent to you with a faster estimated arrival date.Keep in mind that the estimated arrival date is merely that an estimate. Items ordered on BestBuy.com can arrive sooner than this estimate, and of course can be delivered after this estimated arrival date. I would thank you for sharing your insights into our business, and can assure you we are always working on being as competitive as possible.Thanks for posting,
Few months ago, I purchased $7,000 worth of products from bestbuy in the Bay Area.I was told they had 2 65 inch panasonic TVs that are open boxed new items in the original box.I paid for it and a few weeks later it was delivered.  Out of the 2 TVs, one was shipped in a sony box with no accessories inside and the TV is clearly not new.  To top it off, since it was not packaged in the original box, the TV arrived defective.  I called my sales guy I bought it from and was adviced to ship it back and they will have it repaired and sent back to me with all the proper accessories in its original box for secure delivery this time around.  Everything seemed fine until the  TV was received by the store.  As soon as it was received in November, I was informed that they were instructed not to touch the TV and for me to wait for a call from there legal department.Until now, almost 2 months later I still have not heard back from Best buy and whenever I call my sales rep he keeps saying he does not know what is going on.  I believe I have been patient enough waiting 2 months for something that has been fully paid and I still am not able to enjoy it.  I try and call best buy helpline and they keep telling me to wait for a call from the store as they cannot locate store orders.  I want to know who I can speak to or write to hopefully get the TV back repaired or just refund my money since its been 2 months and Best buy still has my TV.Is this how Premier elite rewardzone members are treated by best buy.?
Good afternoon wes546,$7,000 is a lot to spend in one stop, and if the issues you have described with your 65” Panasonic open box TV occurred, I can’t say I wouldn't be just as upset as you after months of waiting for an answer. It seems strange that after all this time, you wouldn't have any direction to go in, and I can imagine you feel quite lost.Regrettably, I was unable to locate a receipt for your purchase of this TV using the information you registered with the forum. That being said, I would love to assist you with this issue, and am sending you a private message. You can check your private messages by signing into the forum, and clicking the envelope icon in the top right corner of the page.
I ordered 2 kindle fires around Thanksgiving when they were $99. I recived one, not the other. UPS showed it was delivered and left on the porch. I called BB customer service and they filed a claim. They told me it would take 3-5 days. It has been a month and I have heard NOTHING. I already had to buy another one for more money so that both of my kids would get one on Christmas. I have been more than patient, but I am getting upset. I have called customer service and I get the same thing. "we are working on it" While you are working on it, I dont have my item and I am beind charged intrest on my purchase. PLEASE help. Also ordered the Nokia Lumia 520 for $69 and then it went on sale 2 days later for $50 and I called to get an adjustment. Still nothing. I love BB but this has me rethinking my future purchases and continuing to use my BB credit card. 
Hi p_thacke,I truly am sorry for how long it is taking to get a resolution in this matter, and given this Kindle was never received by you I can understand your continued disappointment. I do see that UPS is investigating this, and once that investigation is complete we should be notified of the results. I will continue to check on this investigation, and if I show UPS has determined you didn’t receive this Kindle due to their failure I should be able to refund your order. As far as the Low Price Guarantee requests goes I would need more information. What date did you request this price match? Where was this item on sale for $50? I will post back when I have new information on this UPS investigation.
I did look into this, and I see we have now refunded your order. Let me know if you have any questions for me.
Even with all fields filled out correctly, I get the following error: To create an account and join My Best Buy, please fix the following errors:Some information you entered may not have been fully updated. To ensure all changes take place, please review all information and try again.How am I supposed to buy something online if I can't creat an account???
I just had this problem, too. I get that exact same message. I tried emailing bestbuy, but they just sent a form letter that shows they don't care.
That’s very strange, and we certainly don’t want any roadblocks to becoming a My Best Buy member. Did you try creating this account with more than one browser? I’m honestly at a loss as to what could be causing this. You can always checkout as a guest, but we would rather set up an account for you.
Personally, I first tried creating an account with Firefox, the browser that I use most often. After a dozen times of trying through Firefox, I tried Chrome. I couldn't set up an account through Chrome, either.
I have Adblock, so I turned it off. I also turned off Greasemonkey, a program that alters some scripts. I still can't make an account. Guess I'll just have to stick to buying as a guest from now on.
Also, I just tried to make an account with Internet Explorer, which I never use and therefor has no addons or extensions. I still could not create an account. This is really annoying, as without an account, I won't be able to track any order I may make....if I can get over the anger from this whole mess....
I temporarily disabled my Avast virus protection and I was able to register.
I was finally able to sign up an account. I got a gift card and ordered some movies. For some reason, I was able to sign up an account during the ordering process. Weird.
The problem is the hyphens in the phone number field.  Use only numbers and registration will work fine.Unfortunately, the form was not coded correctly, so it mistakes the hyphen for script, thus returning a generic error message.  The text entry field should be recoded to recognize this common symbol or restricted so entering it is impossible.
I can confirm that the problem is with hyphens in the phone number. Thanks for the tip. I hope it gets taken care of soon. A mistake like that is unacceptable for a company as big as best buy.
My parents bought me something online from the website and I'd like to see about returning it, preferably to the store. t is unopened. The policy was a little unclear to me but I do have the packing slip that came on the box-- is that all I need? And would I be credited with a gift card?
If you've got a copy of the packing slip, then the only other item you'd need to bring to your local store (besides the item in question) would be a valid photo ID. Best Buy requires a valid photo ID for all returns, including exchanges and price matches: http://bbyurl.us/RTE I'd also encourage you to specifically tell the rep who assists you that you'd like to return the product for a store credit. Returns are typically refunded to the same form as the original payment, so mentioning that the item was a gift should ensure your local store processes the transaction correctly. I hope this helps!
I ordered criminal minds box set season 8 (along with many other things that day) I have recieved everything else in that order, except for my criminal minds, The tracking says it was delivered by the post office, which I always dilike when it goes from the UPS or fed ex to being delivered by the post office, but anyway. I have not recieved it, I thought maybe it might just be delayed or something but now a month later to the day actually, I still do not have it and I do not know what to do about it. 
I had posted here first about a shipment I never recieved and had not heard anything so I today I decided to call. I had bought the item on bestbuy.com...anyway the girl I spoke to was pleasant and very helpful and I am pleased to say they resolved my issue with no problem. Thank you best buy for making my experience a pleasant one. I wish I would of gotten the girls name but I did not and if she said it I did not catch it. Was not sure where else to post this, so I hope it is okay here.
Great to hear a good experience. Thanks for taking the time to post it.
I may have replied to your previous post, but did you get this issue resolved or do you still need assistance? Please let us know!
I was disappointed to read that your Criminal Minds box set had not arrived, but very glad to hear that you were treated well and got your problem resolved when you called.
I ordered a mouse that was suppose to come with 2 steam wallet cards the mouse came but the steam wallet cards were a seperate order. I am suppose to get expedited shipping as a elite plus but ofcourse best buy still shipped it standard UPS ground. The last update from UPS was on 12/28 that it is in NJ and it hasn't updated in almost a week. still haven't gotten the item and now it isn't going to come till atleast next tuesday at the EARLIEST. very upset bad customer support with this aswell.
Best buy should really fix their system or something. I am elite plus and I select expedited shipping every time and most of the time they ship with UPS ground standard so something is messed up. This item is going to take almost 2 weeks to actually get here.
Any help from best buy would be appreciated.
Anyone from best buy check these forums? Seems like a lot of people aren't even getting help.
Been a few days since bestbuy requested a lost item investigation from UPS still no help from anyone at UPS. Amazons customer service is 100X better.
It was the weekend so your not going to get a response. Average response time is 3 to 5 business days. Sometimes sooner.
So they finally figured out the item was lost and best buy reshipped the item... But guess what it was shipped with only 1 quantity and the email says it was suppose to be shipped expedited but no it shipped via standard.
Sorry for how long this is taking, and I can of course see why you would be disappointed that these cards were not sent out via expedited shipping. Did you choose expedited shipping when placing this order? I do see we have now reshipped this card, but I do see we only reshipped one of them. I also see that UPS has this shipment listed as a ground shipment. I would like to see if there is something I can offer as a resolution, and am sending you a private message. To check your messages you should log into the forum, and then click on the letter icon in the upper right-hand corner of the page.
Ordered a ps4 on 25 December it promptly shipped on 27 December and was expected to be delivered on 30 December. It's 31 December post has come and gone today and still no ps4 and no tracking update since 28 December. Have been told mail innovations always ships very slow to apo but still past expected delivery date.
Oh yes Mail Innovations sucks! What normally takes me 2 or 3 days to get packages with UPS. Last 3 items I got that were shipped with Mail Innovations has taken anywhere between 5 and 9 days to receive!! And if your going to a APO then then I would expect the same if not later. Also where are you tracking your package? Are you using the ups-mi website? If so try tracking it on the USPS website. I have found sometimes UPS stops updating their side and the new tracking information is reflected on the USPS track.
I think I just got super lucky my post office scanned it in about an hour and forty minutes after they closed. Still a day late. But I can't pick it up till the 2nd as it's closed tomorrow
I’m really sorry that it took a bit longer than expected to get your PS4 shipped to you. I’m sure you were really excited to be able to order one and it’s always frustrating when tracking information doesn’t update for a while. I’m glad to hear it did finally arrive and I hope you’ve been able to enjoy it.
How do I change the phone number associated with my profile?
You should be able to change pretty much any information associated with your BestBuy.com account simply by logging in. Once you’re logged in, locate a link for “Account Overview.” You can then edit your primary shipping address which is where your phone number should also be stored
I posted my previosu experience with Beset Buy customer service. This time I just needed a price adjustment for a laptop I bought online a week ago that now went on sale. I was transferred 4 times. No one knows what they are doing. Then I was told I needed to go to a store to get a price adjustment for what I bought online!  I said there is no store..I bought it online. She hung up on me! Horrible service. I am going to stick with Newegg and Amazon as Best Buy has failed in 2 purchases within a month.
After wasting 30 minutes trying to get to someone that could help, I was told the sale was a deal of the day and they can't make an adjustment and too bad.  Basically, their price match/guarantee has so many caveats it is a joke.
Our Low Price Guarantee is a great way to ensure that you get the lowest price for the products you buy, but their are some requirements and exclusions. I'mvery disappointed that we weren't able to honor your request to match the price. Unfortunately, as you were informed, products feature on our Deal of the Day are not eligible for our Low Price Guarantee. I'm also disheartened that this experience may influence your future shopping destination. It is my hope that you will give Best Buy another chance to win you over one day soon.
"The heart of price guarantees is to get them to buy sooner than later with confidence.
Having a ton of exceptions defeats this purpose and makes customers mad. I guess the policy is the policy and I don't like it, but there is no excuse for your customer service. I was promised an adjustment on another item a week ago (I was charged an amount on my credit card different than what was on the screen and have proof) and still didn't get it. I will be disputing the charge with Amex and Best Buy can pay someone to deal with that. Best Buy is just a waste of time where if you have a problem, you waste an enormous amount of time to get any problem fixed. It is great they seem to pay people to perform ""service"" on these boards when they know other people are watching.. When no one else is watching the service is atrocious."
I appreciate the additional feedback on our Low Price Guarantee. I will notify my peer, Tasha, that you have not heard back on your price adjustment request and encourage her to provide an update. Thank you again for writing to us about your concerns.
Is there anyway to actually track the shipment to the store?  I find it super frustrating to not see where the package is.  I'm surprised more people haven't complained about that... it seems like such a straight forward thing to put on the order status page.  Any help would be appreciated?  I called the customer support number and got absolutely no where!
You usually will receive an email when its ready to be picked up, however I did some investigation and found out that all orders should have tracking information regardless unless I'm missing something else in the online documentation found on BestBuy.com
Orders that are being shipped directly to customers should have tracking numbers that are viewable by the customer, however I believe Ship-to-Store orders are a bit different. There should still be a tracking number, it just may not be provided directly to you. I apologize for any inconvenience that this has caused. I was able to locate your order and tracking information by using the email address attached to your forum account and can see that it should arrive at the selected store on 1/3. Once it does arrive and is all ready for you to pick up, you should receive an email to let you know. I hope this helps to answer your questions, but please feel free to let me know if there is any additional assistance I can provide at this time.
Hi, I purchased a Canon Powershot digital camera a little over 2 years ago. Could someone please help me with obtaining and emailing me a receipt for this purchase? The website says "information for this order # isn't available" when I enter in the order number details on the website. I also called the 888 customer service #...and the agent was unable to pull up the receipt for this order. Thank you!
You can typically locate receipts for BestBuy.com orders by viewing your order history in your account, although I believe these are only available for a certain amount of time. It’s possible that an order from 2011 is no longer available through that method. I went to do some more research to see if I could assist, and it looks like we were able to send you a copy not too long after you posted on the forum. If you still need any assistance, please feel free to let me know.
I would suggest that you leave it switched off and charge it for a few hours using a wall charger preferably. It will take much longer using a connection to a computer USB socket.
I'd suggest a restart of your device. Since I'm unsure which Kindle you own, this link will walk you through how to restart: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_200829000?&nodeId=200829000.Next, charge your device for four hours. If this doesn't resolve the issue, please contact our Kindle Support team for options. You can reach them by either clicking on the "Contact Us" button on the right-hand side of the page or by visiting this link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/kindle-help.html?ref=cssoc_FM_CU_KIN. Let me know how it goes!
Well, to answer your question you can lock the Kindle to prevent rotation, and you can do that on pretty much every other tablet too. So don't make that your criteria for selecting a tablet.
Not all books can be lent. The publisher decides that. Less than 1 in 3 books can be lent.
You cannot. Digital purchases are 1 click only.
Yes. You can get a refund within 7 days of purchase. Go to your Manage Your Content and Devices, find the book and use the Refund option.
Do you mean that it stays on when the PW goes to sleep? If yes, then read on.1. Mine does that sometimes, but it switched off after a few minutes, so I don't worry about it.2. Try a hard reboot - hold the power switch in the 'on' position for 30 seconds (count them slowly) and then wait until the Kindle reboots - that will take some minutes. Unplug it from any power source and don't touch any keys until it reboots.
Apps don't take enough space to make much of a difference. What you need to delete are 1: videos, 2: audiobooks, and 3: music. That's in order of size.
Hi. I see this often, and it's usually not that I've bought the book months ago, but that I accidentally double-clicked, and the first click bought the book, with the second click bringing the "already bought it" notification. These are often imperceptible double-clicks, more of a mouse malfunction.Did you notice the date of your "first" purchase? I'm sure anything is possible, but in my experience, as long as the Amazon ASIN is unique, it's not going to let you buy it a second time. There are books I know I have, that I'm not getting the "already own it" message, and the ASIN has been changed for whatever reason. But for the message to have been triggered, the ASIN must have matched.I'm voting for an accidental instant double-click -- go to the "Manage Your Kindle" page, search for the title, and check the date that is shown. You should even be able to pull up the original invoice. I'm betting it will have today's date. :O)
What won't let you rate a book? What happens? You don't really think we can help you with only that much information, do you?
You probably have the Fire Gen 1. Some of that model had a charging port that caused problems. I have not seen that problem with later models.
You have to download them from the cloud/archive in the Kindle app on your Android device - they do not download automatically. Sync the app to the account using the menu item in the app. And make sure that the app is registered on the same account as the books are on.
Just return the extra copy. You can return a Kindle book within seven days of purchase.Click here: http://amazon.com/myk Move the mouse over the "Actions..." button on that book and click "Return for a refund".
Meaning what? You can't "download CDs" to anything. What are you trying to download? And what is preventing you from doing it?
First you need to delete your email address from this message, which you posted right above a warning not to post email addresses in this forum. You are just inviting a lot of spam by posting it in public like that.I'm not clear what you're actually asking. Do you have a Wi-Fi router at home already? If not, what's that router you listed after your name?I'm afraid no instructions you could get in an online forum like this will help you set up a Wi-Fi network at home unless you have some technical background. If you do, then just buy a router and follow the instruction in the box. If you don't, then contact your Internet service provider and find out if they can set one up for you. Many Internet services provide Wi-Fi routers free with their service.
I'd suggest a restart of your router and device, vern. To restart your router, unplug it for a full minute and then plug it back in.Next, restart your device. Since I'm unsure which Kindle you own, this link will walk you through how to restart: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_200829000?&nodeId=200829000.Then try to connect to your home network again.Let me know how it goes!
Does it have a yellow outline when you touch it? Does it unlock when you swipe with two fingers slightly apart? If so you have enabled the Accessibility features for people with poor vision.Instructions for turning that off are here: http://smile.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums/kindleqna/ref=kindle_help_forum_md_pl?ie=UTF8&cdForum=Fx1GLDPZMNR1X53&cdMsgID=Mx1RUZ769SP0CGF&cdMsgNo=6&cdPage=1&cdSort=oldest&cdThread=TxWMM40QQMOMO8#Mx1RUZ769SP0CGF
Use the Books tab, then Store. If you know the title, you can search on it & go directly to it's page. To browse, scroll down on the store's front page, it's the last item on on the list on the right.
"Since we don't have access to your account via the Forums, I'd suggest contacting Customer Service for any unknown charges. You can also see any purchases you've made here:

Retail orders: https://www.amazon.com/orders
Digital orders: https://www.amazon.com/digitalorders

To speak with a representative, click the ""Contact Us"" button on the right side of the page or this link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/contact-us.

Let me know if you have any further questions. "
You should deregister your missing Kindle immediately. Click on Manage Your Kindle on the right under Kindle Tools. If you see the list of your Kindles at the top then click on the Kindle. If you don't see that list click the "Manage Your Devices" link on the left, then click on your Kindle. Next click the "Deregister" link below it.Next click "Contact Us" on the right side of this page and notify Customer Service of the loss. They can block the Kindle so it cannot be registered and used.
You'll get better answers asking this in the Kindle Direct Publishing Forum here: https://kdp.amazon.com/community/index.jspa You might also want to look at the main Kindle Direct Publishing page here: https://kdp.amazon.com/
Long-press the title and select "remove from device."
You'll want to try restarting your Kindle to clear out any software processes that could be causing that issue. Here's a Help page that explains that process in great detail and will help you get the device restarted: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_200829000?&nodeId=200829000#res. If you run into any other issues, come on back to let us know!
You cannot use a cord to connect to a printer. You have to have a wireless printer and a app on the Fire to print wirelessly.
"If you go to the Mange Your Content and Device Page (formally Manage Your Kindle) and remove books it has not affect on your cloud storage. Amazon has agreed to store all digital items that are purchased from them for free. 

 If you need space on the kindle fire itself then you need to remove items from the device, movies, music, and apps take you more space than books. "
You probably can't. You can try putting it in a bag full of uncooked rice for a few days, but it is not likely to work.
try a reboot - make sure it's unplugged, then hold the power on for a full 30 seconds (ignore any messages that come up and continue to hold) and then wait and if after 15 seconds a reboot hasn't started, turn it back on and if that doesn't work - use the orange Contact Us button on the right and talk to Customer Service
You'll want to try removing and then re-adding your e-mail account to the Email app, so it can refresh the information. This Help page explains more about that process: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_201239650?&nodeId=201239650.As for the issue with Pinterest, go ahead and try restarting your Kindle by following these steps: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_200829000?&nodeId=200829000#res. If you have any other issues with this, come back to let us know!
Because the only way you can post a photo to Facebook from your Kindle is for Amazon to use your account to do so. How else do you think they would do that?Do you think it is possible to post pictures to your Facebook page without access to your account? If so, you should worry more about that than about giving Amazon access.
Return and remove your phone number from this post unless you want a bunch of scammers to have it. This is a public customer-to-customer discussion forum, not Amazon Customer Service. There was a warning right below the box you typed this into.You can see the estimated delivery date when you check the status of your order. If that date is on or before April 18 you should expect your package when you need it. If the delivery date is later than that then you should not expect it any sooner than that date, and you should have checked that when you placed the order.To talk to Customer Service (who cannot speed up shipping) click the "Contact Us" button on this page.
Duplicate: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/forums/kindleqna/ref=kindle_help_forum_tft_tp?ie=UTF8&cdForum=Fx1GLDPZMNR1X53&cdThread=Tx2Q2OAXHKIVM9D
NOT HAPPY KINDLEI bought a Kindle Paperwhite online through Amazon a few days ago and have spent 5/6 hours sorting out issues with it.In spite of the fact that my kindle is telling me that I am registered and completely set up, apparently I wasn't. I had to go to my account on line and verify it all again....even though none of my address, credit card details or anything else had changed.Their initial instructions for setting up an account were grossly misleading and I have wasted 3- 4 hours trying to sort something which should have been very simple.With other issues including 3G and Wi Fi not working I have had I have now spent 5/6 hours before I was able to buy my first book! NOT HAPPY KINDLE
I am assuming you have the login information for the Amazon account that the Kindles are registered to. You just click on the Your Account at the top any Amazon page and go to the Payment settings and click on Manage Payment Options. You can delete the old ones and add new ones and select which one you wan to be your 1 click payment card.
You have to delete then one at a time, just like books.
I'd recommend getting in touch with our Kindle Direct Publishing team for help with this, Guy. You can reach them at this link: https://kdp.amazon.com/self-publishing/contact-us.
It is recommended that you not turn your Kindle off manually, but go to your home page and just allow it to go to sleep. Turning the device off manually causes it to reboot everytime. This could be why your Kindle doesn't go to the last page. When you wake the Kindle(hold power switch 1 or 2 secs. until green light flashes) it will be on the home page and the book will be highlighted. Click on it and your back to last page read. Hope this helps.
"Susan - Click on http://amazon.com/manageyourkindle. Then, on the left side of that screen, click on Whispersync Device Synchronization and make sure it's turned on.

The key to getting this to work is to always return to Home screen of your app or device to close the book on whatever device you are on, make sure you are connected wirelessly and then Sync. On the next device, make sure you're connected wirelessly and sync before opening the book.

Device #1 - Close book, turn on wireless, sync.
Device #2 - Turn on wireless, sync and open book. 

If you have a Paperwhite, you need to also have Annotations Backup turned on to be able to Sync to Furthest Page Read.

From the Home page, go to Menu > Settings > Reading Options > Annotations Backup - On. "
Hi Mindy - Any book you've downloaded from the Kindle Store will be available in the "Cloud" tab, found on your device's Home screen. You can tap the book to download a new copy. This Help page has a full walk through, if you'd like more help: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_201242120?&nodeId=201242120
Tap in a blank text box where you're supposed to enter information and the keyboard will pop up.
I'd recommend getting in touch with our Kindle Support team for help with this. You can reach them by phone or chat by clicking the "Contact Us" button on the right side of this page, or using this direct link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/contact-us/kindle-help.html/ref=cssoc_FM_CU_KIN
You will need a wireless printing app that is compatible with your printer.
Are you trying to download PDF files from the Silk browser, or another source? If you can post back with the method you're using to download the files, and the error you're running into, I can post back with specific troubleshooting steps.
just asking because you might be in an area w/o 3G connection now - I'd suggest you contact Customer Service via the orange Contact Us button on the right of this webpage
Yes, it's the same everywhere.
Ordered a book. Was charged twice. Contacted customer service to fix. I still wanted the book, but they are idiots and didn't check the system and both orders were canceled. 3-5 days for a refund and the removed the book from my library. So now I'm out $40 for 3-5 days and no book. They said I have to re order the book for another $20.00 I asked for a manager but they said that her boss wasn't there. What the hell?! Give me the book back or you have lost a customer. I don't have another $20.00 You have $40 already tied up for 3-5 days.
You absolutely can if your device is compatible. This Help page explains that process in a bit more detail to help you get your photo printed: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_201348060?&nodeId=201348060.
Let's try restarting your Kindle to see if that helps by clearing out the software processes that are running on your Kindle: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_200829000?&nodeId=200829000#res.After it reboots, check to make sure your Kindle is working properly. If there are any other issues, come back to let us know!
That shouldn't be happening Mike, so I'd recommend restarting your Kindle to clear up any temporary issues. Follow these steps to restart:1. Unplug your Kindle from any power source 2. Hold down the power button for 20 seconds, ignoring the Shut Down message 3. Release the button, then press it again after a few seconds If that doesn't fix the problem, please let me know!
The first thing I'd recommend is restarting your Kindle to clear up any problematic data. To restart, follow the steps listed here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_200829000?&nodeId=200829000. If that doesn't fix the problem, make sure your device is running the most current software version. You can see the steps for that by selecting your device model from this page: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_200529680?&nodeId=200529680
I found this excellent Help page that will walk you through this entire process easily: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=cssoc_FM_HP_201241160?&nodeId=201241160. If you run into any issues or have any other questions, come back and let us know!
"cafecol says:
Help! Not sure what happened, but I can't watch Amazon videos on my iPad. It gives me an error message that says sthg about my internet connection being through an HTTP proxy. I upgraded to iOS6 yesterday and have a Time Machine that works as a router - don't know if either of those actions has anythg to do with this problem.... Help! I don't know what to do!"
"Chey B. - Forum Moderator says:
I'm so sorry to hear about the problems with this! I've passed your information to our technical team so they can take a look into this for you. Can you please post back with the following information:

1. What movie are you trying to watch when you get this error? 
2. What's the firmware version of the Amazon Instant Video Application? To find this, go to Settings > General > Usage> Amazon Instant Video. Tap it to open a new page to see the version number.
3: Are you able to open the application at all? 
4. Can you view Your Video Library? 
5. Can you view other web content on your device?

I know this is a lot of information, but knowing this will help us track down the issue. I look forward to hearing back."
"Cafecol says:
Thanks for helping me out. 
1)I've tried viewing some Frasier, Gilligan as well as Quantum Leap episodes. Just TV series, not movies. It happens every single time I try to open any of those.
2)Version 1.2
3)Yes, it opens fine. I've deleted it and reinstalled it, and it opens ok
4)I don't have anythg on my video library. Just a watch list.
5)Yes, everything else seems to be working just fine.

Thanks for helping me shed some light on this."
"Chey B. - Forum Moderator says:
Thanks, cafecol! I've let our technical team know. I'll be sure to post back here as soon as I have any updates."
"lapis says:
Mine is working fine. I just tested it and I also have iOS 6. I've got the apple router as well. Try deleting the Amazon app from your iPad and then re-download it. It may have gotten corrupted somehow."
"cafecol says:
I did, and it still doesn't work. Gives me the same Warning message... Thanks for replying, tho…"
"cafecol says:
I was finally able to fix this! A coworker told me to go to to Settings - WiFi and then just click to turn off the HTTP Proxy, which was on Auto. It did the trick, and now I can access the Amazon Instant Videos. 

Thanks so much , Chey, I appreciate the help."
"Samuel G. Perkins says:
Hay can you go into more detail under setting and wifi I have no proxy settings but I get the same message"
"DeAnne S.- Forum Moderator says:
Have you had a chance to contact our Amazon Instant Video team, Samuel? They'll be able to answer your questions and provide real-time troubleshooting if needed. Here's a link to put you in touch with them: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/digital-video.

Please feel free to post back if you have any other questions!"
"cafecol says:
I went to Settings, then to wifi , and then I clicked on the arrow attached to the name of my network. The next screen showed ""IP Address"" and ""HTTP Proxy"", which offers the options to click on ""off"", ""Manual"" and ""Auto"". I clicked on ""off"", and after that I was able to view the Amazon instant videos."
"J. Lee says:
Thanks cafecol for posting how to turn off ""proxy"" This also happened to me and I've been talking to amazon IT but they could not help me either. I'm glad I googled and searched for this problem. Now I can watch amazon prime! Thanks again"
"Chey B. - Forum Moderator says:
I'm glad cafecol's steps helped! I'll let our technical team know what troubleshooting you did to get things up and working to make sure other customers get the help they need.

I hope we see you around the forums. Have a great week."
"Luying Huang says:
I bought 6 Canadian Oxford World Atlas last month. Today I check my credit card,and there is an transaction shows that Oct 04, 2013 Amazon.ca Prime Member 877-586-3230 BC $89.27. I am not the prime member, I am confused about this situation. please give me a explanation. thank you."
"reg says:
Looks like this was done by the Canadian site. You will need to go to your account there and cancel it. If you have any difficulty doing so, contact their customer service."
"Jess H says:
The most likely explanation is this: you placed an order on September 4 and selected 'free two-day shipping with a 30-day free trial of Amazon Prime' on the shipping method selection screen. The subscription automatically renewed after the 30-day period and as a result, you were charged the annual fee for a Prime membership.

If you do not want to continue with your Prime membership, you can go to ""Manage Prime Membership"" in your account settings or just call customer service and they will cancel the subscription for you."
"
Luying Huang says:
Thank you so much. i tried your advise. the manage prime membership shows i am not prime member,and there is no options to cancel it. i can not find where is the customer service,could you give me some ideas? thanks again."
"James Anderson says:
Apparently, Amazon is not THAT interested in customer service/questions. There site has got to be one of the most obtuse/confusing sites to relay concerns or questions to customer service. I am beginning to realize that maybe the ObamaCare website WAS designed by Amazon, but I digress. The Prime membership citing 2-day delivery is not quite true. Maybe 2 days to the closet Post Office, an outfit that is overwhelmed, understaffed, and losing money at a nearly exponential rate! Since my mail is not delivered directly to my house and Amazon appears to be relying more and more on SurePost to cut costs, they may discover a shrinking database of customers. I doubt that they will admit to the switch to SurePost as a factor in losing customers, but I believe this to be the (early) beginning of the end of Amazon's large share of the mail-order market. Too bad that they appear to be run by short-sighted management."
"?Meya? says:
Top 5 Questions>>>>Over there on the upper right
How do I contact Customer Service?<<<Click This

Or, use the Contact Us button on the right of this page, or the Help link, which is at the top of EVERY SINGLE Amazon page."
"Kennan Hawkins says:
I agree with you. I am contemplating canceling my prime membership due to their use of usps. I also have to go to my local PO to pick up my packages."
"asortafairytale says:
""There site has got to be one of the most obtuse/confusing sites to relay concerns or questions to customer service.""

I'm thinking the obtuse one here is not the Amazon site considering there are FOUR ways to contact them on this page alone:
1. ""Help"" link at the top of the page.
2. ""Help"" link at the bottom of the page.
3. ""Contact Us"" button on the right side of the page.
4. ""How do I contact Customer Service?"" link on the right side of the page."
"Lori Diederich says:
I'm totally with you, James. Having to pick up my packages at the post office and having them not even be available for several days after the 'guaranteed delivery date' is just ridiculous. I contacted Amazon support via chat tonight and they said they would contact the post office and instruct them to deliver the packages without requiring someone be there to sign for them, but I'm skeptical if it will actually work or be any faster than just waiting a few days to pick up the packages myself. Disappointing. I've been using Amazon Prime for years but it just got a lot less convenient."
"LaRaine says:
The UPS SurePost contract between amazon and UPS also applies to any purchase requesting 2-day delivery, not just Prime.

This week is the first time I've seen UPS SurePost used on my orders and my, oh, my... what a fiasco. In trying to save a few cents, amazon is losing a few dollars due to 1) increased calls into customer support; and 2) amazon having to send out replacement deliveries. In my case, I can't pick up SurePost packages from the post office (or from UPS). The post office also takes unknown days to weeks to deliver a package as they say they are not bound by the amazon-UPS contract. USPS does not have a computer system that can locate packages. It has to be done by a person and there are no persons hired to do so (as others have stated). I consider that amazon has violated their Prime contract with me and they have been sending me duplicate, overnight deliveries to keep their Prime commitment with me. 

It's been a time-consuming and stressful process just trying to figure out what SurePost is and how it works, with most of the explanation coming from UPS. I wish amazon would have set it up so I could opt out, but that's not possible. UPS has this type of contract with other businesses and some of those businesses allow the customer to opt out and just have UPS make the delivery."
"Micah D. - Forum Moderator says:

Hey LaRaine - I'm very sorry for any frustration the issue with your order has caused. I certainly understand how this is affecting you, and am submitting your feedback to our Business team. In addition, you can fill out our Packaging Feedback form here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=201117470. There's a section in that form dedicated for your comments on the delivery and carrier itself.

Thanks for giving us a heads up on how we can improve."
"LaRaine says:
Micah D.--Thanks for reading and replying and especially for forwarding...

Since USPS (apparently) provides random delivery dates, like week(s) away, amazon has re-shipped two orders to me, to get them to me within the Prime time frame, which I really appreciate. However, the original packages that USPS was sitting on, were actually delivered within days, not week(s). So, I now have two duplicate packages that I need to make arrangements to return. Arrghhh, This after years of counting on UPS 100% to know exactly what day and usu within a four-hour window when a package will arrive. 

I currently have a two deliveries in progress. One says UPS, and hopefully that won't change, the other is too early to tell.

If you can get somebody at amazon.com to permanently opt out my account from ""UPS SurePost"" I'll be very appreciative.

Additionally, for the UPS SurePost (pending) deliveries, there was, what looked like a programming error on the orders page. For each separate delivery portion of an order, two (different) delivery dates were displayed. One date looked like the usual UPS estimate, and above that was one (with some sort of icon) that looked like a USPS date, which was out by week(s) from the UPS date."
"M. Hammond says:
I'm getting ready to cancel my prime membership also. the post office does not deliver to our physical address and the post office is only open monday thru friday and two hours at a shift. good riddance."
"Delos says:
Hi M. Hammond, I noticed you bringing this up in another thread. I have similar issues with schedule availability, so I have all my Amazon packages sent to a local business who has agreed to receive packages for me, and then I can pick them up anytime it's convenient for me. Might be something worth looking into for you, not just for Amazon but any online shopping, I mean."
"James Anderson says:
Might work for some, but I live in a motor home full-time and travel around the country. That is why the 2-day delivery is so critical to me, but thanks for the suggestion."
"Delos says:
Oh, if I were mobile like that, I'd definitely send to Amazon Locker locations and those Kinko's/FedEx or UPS locations. I use FedEx's site and a UPSmychoice account to have packages held at those locations or their hubs for my pickup all the time."
"R. Armstrong says:
I have noticed a lot of my orders now use UPS (not)SurePost which is a total joke. 98% of the time these orders ship from a warehouse which used to take overnight to get to my address with my Prime 2-day shipping via UPS. The other week I had one that took 5 days to travel 160 miles to my address thanks to using the .GOV illiterates. Amazon needs to quit using this pathetic joke of a shipping option, at least for their Prime PAYING customers."
"Stargazer says:
But why should anyone have to pickup his/her packages? If you're going to go through the trouble of doing that, you can buy the items locally and bring them home the same day. 

The issue is Amazon has switched to UPS SurePost, which transfers packages to USPS instead of UPS making the delivery directly. It's dirt cheap on Amazon's part, but utterly inconvenient on the customer's part. My local post office is absolutely horrible and, I avoid using USPS for that very reason. Two-day delivery with Prime used to mean two-day delivery. Now, two-day delivery with UPS SurePost via USPS means hopefully you will receive your items. 

I am disabled and can't run all over the city trying to track down my packages. Amazon delivery has become a huge pain. I contacted Customer Service and one rep said he would flag my account so that my items will ship UPS Ground and not UPS SurePost. A few days later, another order shipped UPS SurePost. When I contacted Customer Service again, the rep said it is not possible to flag accounts to ship UPS only, although I had it in writing from the previous rep. I assume UPS SurePost is now Amazon's preferred method of shipping. It sucks because I've been a Prime member since its inception and happily renewed every year because I loved the convenience. I wish I had known this before I renewed this year. I wouldn't have bothered."
"Delos says:

First, you can still cancel and get a prorated portion of that fee back, if it's not working out for you. Second, because I 'talk' to a lot of people on here, I know that UPS SurePost isn't their favored method now, but that it depends on where everyone lives. It can change, Amazon price shops just like we all do.

They don't WANT to have unhappy customers, so if you want them to get rid of it, I'd keep contacting customer service when deliveries don't work out for you, like you have been. Yeah, I've never heard of the ability to keep a certain carrier method from being used for certain customers. If so, we'd be recommending it day and night here for people who had similar issues. I'd have told you the same the second rep did, that it's not possible. 

I have to go run around and pick up my packages, as you put it, due to things that are specific to me, (I am asleep when those delivery people try to knock on the door for a signature) so I just consider it something I have to be crafty to work around, not that Amazon should change for my specific case. I mean, of course it would be nice, for me, but I don't expect it.

I think this is another case of people interpreting our pointing out things posters here might not be aware of with 'vehemently defending Amazon's policies'. Again, I'd say, that's not always the case. I just point out the other methods I use to help manage my specific situation, like a shipping store, UPSmychoice or FedEx delivery manager, because it may help them, for immediate needs.

In the long run, I'm sure they will take a change into consideration if they keep getting enough customer complaints about it. They have a history of doing so in other areas."
"Lori Diederich says:
My 'resolution' with Amazon was for them to reduce the priority of SurePost for my primary shipping address. Things still might ship via SurePost but it shouldn't happen as often. They claim there's no way to completely exclude SurePost from my shipping options. This is really very disappointing."
"Stargazer says:
Delos, it was a simple question, not a slight against you. 

I use UPS My Choice and FedEx Delivery Manager. They both work well; as does A1 International's tracking system. My point was, I'm paying for delivery to my home. I'd like my items delivered to me, you know, at home."
"W. L. Morgan says:
I have also had many issues with USPS/UPS Surepost and with FedEx Smartpost. I do a lot of business with Amazon, including buying gifts for friends and family. Recently I placed an order on 12/2/13 for a Christmas present for my Grandson. My ""Guaranteed Delivery Date"" was 12/7. While tracking the package I saw that it had been handed off to USPS for delivery. There followed an extremely confusing series of contacts with Amazon, UPS, and USPS. Amazon and UPS said the package was undeliverable and being returned. USPS said they still had it and were attempting delivery. Yesterday my daughter-in-law went to the post office and was told the item had been returned. Today (12/12) USPS.com says it was delivered yesterday afternoon. I'm still waiting to hear if the package has arrived. Note that it is nearly a week past the ""Guaranteed Delivery Date"" and I still don't know the disposition. Last year a similar package was delivered to the same address by UPS with no drama. 

This is not the first time I have encountered this. Several deliveries to my house have been rerouted to USPS and they are ALWAYS 2-3 days later than the estimated or guaranteed delivery date. I have also had problems with a delivery to a friend who receives UPS and FedEx at home but whose mail goes to a PO Box. A package that I thought was going UPS got handed to the Post Office and, because they don't deliver to her house it was shown on tracking as out for delivery three days in a row, was returned to the USPS distribution center, sent back to the local post office and someone there finally recognized the name and placed a pickup notice in her PO Box. 

I too am completely fed up with this poor service, even with Amazon offering several monetary credits for the ""inconvenience.""

Further to the current fiasco: The Post Office put a pick-up card in a box for someone with the same last name and he picked up my Grandson's Christmas presents! They have called and asked him to return them. Hopefully still gift wrapped. Why would someone accept a package with a first name they never heard of?

Final Resolution: The people who were given the package by the US Post Office did what USPS, UPS and Amazon could not...they delivered the package after they opened it and realized it wasn't theirs!"
"Elizabeth Mayer says:
Has anyone else tried to use the Amazon gift card offer that Turbo Tax is offering as a way to receive your federal tax refund? I am having a problem, and after multiple discussions with Turbo Tax about it, they've said it's an Amazon issue. The problem is that I get rejected, and the rejection notice says I've been rejected for one of three specified reasons. None of the three reasons in fact apply to me; Turbo Tax confirms that based on my information, I meet all the requirements. They say Amazon is rejecting me for some other, unspecified reason which is not stated in either the eligibility requirements or the rejection notice.

Has anyone else had this issue and gotten satisfactory explanation or response from Amazon?"
"reg says:
Try seeing if customer service can help. use the Contact Us button to the right. Email is slow."
"D. Tyner says:
Same think for me. I didn't followup like you did. I received the email from Turbo Tax informing me my gift code email was on the way, but it never showed and they deposited the refund without the bonus in my bank account. Why offer the bonus if you can't follow through."
"LegoGirl says:
I didn't have any issue with this. Turbo Tax sent the email with the code, which also had a simple ""redeem now"" button that applied it to my account. No problems.

I didn't get the email until my return was actually processed, though."
"Anon says:
This is not an Amazon issue at all. Amazon is not at all sponsoring this offer from Intuit and thus has no say in who can or cannot get it. I did find the answer to this though. Apparently if you started your tax return prior to Mar 21 you are not eligible for this offer. This is not mentioned anywhere in the product but an employee points it out here: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1855124-why-won-t-turbotax-alow-me-to-request-the-amazon-gift-card-for-my-refund"
"Elizabeth Mayer says:
THANK YOU for pointing out the March 21 issue. The Turbo Tax employees I spoke to certainly had no idea about that, but it would explain it."
"Diane The Wall Otter says:
I am having the same issue. It says that my code isn't valid because a replacement was issued (I haven't received any other emails, I checked). I contacted intuit/turbo tax and they instantly blew me off, telling me to call amazon. I called amazon and am waiting to hear back. In the meantime, I found this interesting article: http://www.abcactionnews.com/dpp/news/region_south_hillsborough/riverview/teacher-finds-over-50-turbo-tax-cards-in-6-year-olds-backpack-family-under-investigation
I am now wondering if everyone's information/identity was compromised."
"Chey B. - Forum Moderator says:
Hey everyone,

Thanks for bringing this to our attention. I'm looking into what happened and what we can do to help. I'll post back as soon as I have any more information into this. 

Thanks so much for your patience!"
"Chey B. - Forum Moderator says:
And I'm back! After looking into this, it appears this is something on Turbo Tax's website. They have an awesome representative in their forums who's looking into this: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1857731-amazon-com-gift-card-claim-code-not-received.

I recommend posting there, and their representative should reach out to you shortly. I'm still going to get this issue reported to Intuit since we want to make sure their phone support knows how to help."
"Jenna B. Gribben says:
Thanks for looking in to this; however, the Turbo Tax monitor has stopped following the thread & there are a lot of us who still haven't gotten out return. Any ideas? Turbo tax customer support has not been able to help. Thank you!"
"J. Somma says:
Sad to say same problem! Got an ""almost"" three way chat going. Turbotax rep (Intuit) gave me the link to contact Amazon and said it was their problem. Amazon said they would look into it. 

I insisted Turbotax look again, because the reward definitely says this is coming from Intuit. The rep has now apologized and said I was right. The rep then told me to hang on so that they could reprocess the email. Waited 10 more minutes and she just came back now saying she completed the Escalation. Per rep "" I had the second level team put an alert to amazon that they need to resend the email. The process that happens, is you will get an e-mail, asking you to confirm your e-mail address, then once you send that back, we can get the gift card code resent to you, normally this takes 48-72 hours."" 

Got their email that says I have to forward the email to wecare@intuit.com 

This is a HUGE hassle! And reflects badly on Amazon unfortunately because it looks like they are part of this process but it's really INTUIT (Turbotax) screwing up . And the reps are NOT in this country. Wonder where they are that have access to my federal income tax information??????????????

I think I know the problem .. english is definitely not her first language!"
"Patrick L. Sheppard says:
Does anybody know of a simple way to get rid of duplicate songs in the Cloud Player other than manually going through it?"
"jball says:
I'm hoping you get a response to this, as I have the same problem. I have more than 30,000 songs in my collection and as I'm uploading them, I'm seeing hundreds being duplicated."
"
C. B. Hatton says:
I am having this same problem. Except mine is a bit more complicated with some albums in different formats and at different bit rates. Does anyone know if there is a way to get detailed information on a track? So even if I break down and manually delete that I leave the higher quality? Otherwise I am loving this very much worth the $20 a year. It also got me signed up for Prime. Damn you Amazon and your sneaky products that get my loyalty. :D"
"Forum Moderator says:
Hello folks,

I've done some research and there's really no other or easy way to delete the duplicate songs. It has to be done by selecting all the songs you want to delete and clicking the ""Delete"" button. The tech team is working on a fix that should be coming out within this month. I'll keep you all posted.

Bill"
"Patrick L. Sheppard says:
Bill,

Thanks for the update, that is the first positive news I've heard and thankful that Amazon is taking note.

Patrick Sheppard"
The brands will vary at each store location and not every store will carry bite. I suggest using our 'Find In Store' locator on the product page or contacting your local Sephora Store
How can I connect my VIB card to my online account? 
hi there, I'm tired of receiving apology emails with no answer to my question about not getting my light pen in my last order. please lmk if you are sending the light pen and stop this crazy email weirdness!
I purchased a Sephora Favorites Customizable Skincare Set at a SiJCP today, but when I checked my points, they were negative! Could I have my points restored? I had 49 points before, and I bought the set for double the points at $28, so I should have 105 points. Thank you!
Hello, yesterday I was placing an order and there was an error (so the transaction didn't go through). I fixed some details for my billing/mailing address and the transaction went through the second time. However, I am being charged twice (when I should only be charged once!)
I VE been a rouge since you 1st started it..all  got was a lipstick sample..i read the other rouges get coupons, special offers even mirrors..i got nothing.no emails...xcept to ask me to review a peoduct I bought..i even checked my spam ND THERE S NTHING THERE..WHY WAS I NOT NOTIFD OF THE COUPONS OR THE MRROR??DONT I SPEND ENOUGH AT SEOHORA??I CANT GO TO THE LOCAL JCPP BECAUSE THE GIRLS THERE ARE RUDE AND CLUELESS.I THEY DONT show you any make u ideas..as a matter of fac they are so busy talking to each other tthey don't even acknowledge a customer..i have really gtten sick ANSD TIRED OF THE WHLE ATTITUDE OF YOUR COMPANY..WHY DO SOME ROOUGES GET MIRRORS AND THE REST OF US GETT IGNORD..I CAN see by reading others cmplints I am not the only one..i lace 5 orders since 12/27 and instead of an eextra sample or 2 I was short 4 of them..bt \whats the popint teling you??you guys aent going to do anything..i am at the end of my rope and you are ABOUT TO LOSE ME AS a customer fr good..my money is just as green at ulta..and they appreciate MY business..i certainly hope I get som satisfaction frm this email or you my never heR FROM ME GIN...GINGER MORRIS
I've got a question concerning pricing in JCP Sephora stores versus stand-alone Sephora stores. Here's the situation: I was attempting to purchase the sample size of Ole Henriksen's 3 Little Wonders from the Abingdon, Maryland JCP Sephora today and saw that the product was marked up 55% from the online advertised price ($35 in-store v. $22.50 online). Thinking I maybe had the wrong product, I pulled out my phone and hopped on the Sephora website to double check I had the right product; product sizes and contents checked out, so I thought it was an honest mistake and got in line to purchase the product with my phone in tow to explain to the cashier. However, when I inquired, I was told by the rather rude cashier that prices online sometime differ from in store (the cashier didn't even bother to check my phone to do some further investigation, and laughed in my face in front of other customers when I expected the store to price match...). As a long time customer of Sephora, I'd never seen or heard of such a policy-- could someone please clarify? A 55% markup is substantial.
I have another BeautyInsider account with more points on it but I can't remember the email for it. Is there a way to look it up??
Hi! I had my mum pick up products for me but she forgot my insider card! The girl said I could register the points from the receipt to my card, how do i do that
Hi Sephora, I want to delete my Beauty Insider account. how do I do that?   Thank you.
I didn't receive the 2x points that were advertised for skin care products this week. When will I get these extra points?
My money was just put back into my account today from an order shipped on January 9th. Does this mean I will not receive it and/or its out of stock? Please help
Is the Too Faced Chocolate Bar Palette Limited Edition? Any information on this would be appreciated! Thank you!
Placed order in dec, order was cancelled, unable to order online now.
Unfortunatly, I will no longer be shopping at sephora because of the extremely rude associates. I've been treated poorly a few times at 3 different locations.
I ordered three (3) $500+ orders during the 20% off sale. Two of those never showed up (despite showing 'delivered to front door' on UPS tracking) and the third just showed up twenty minutes ago with two products missing.
I bought the Ciaté Nail Lab a couple weeks ago from Sephora using a gift card I got for Christmas and a little cash added on. A few concerns
I used tracking number to check one of my order, but it shows" NOT FOUND". What's wrong with this order? Thank you
Hi, I just received the Nars 500 point perk, and to my dismay, the blush is Orgasm when the product despription says that the blush included will be Super Orgasm.
I received a NARS lipstick in a shade I already own for Christmas. It's in the box, unused but I have no receipt. Can I still return it for credit?
I live near Chicago where the temperature is -17, -45 with wind chill. I happened to get my package today and brought it inside to discover that my Clinique Moisture Surge
I've literally checked all over in store and they're always sold out. does anyone know when theyre coming back online?
Hi 12x26! The Naked 3 palette should be back in stock within the next couple weeks. We recommend putting your email in our system so you'll be notify right away once it'
My whole life I've been using Ivory 5 Mary Kay TimeWise Luminous-Wear liquid foundation it's my perfect shade except that i hate that i need to touch up so much! I recently went to
Hi kenyasanchez18,   You may want to swap it out for the next shade lighter, which is the 52.  The Med 54 matches me perfectly, but I use the 52 under my eyes/where 
I don't see any conversation about this.  I want to delete some items from my loves.  How can I do this? 
Thank you.  I'm going to go try it now.  I'm on an iPad so I wasn't sure if that affected it or not....
i tried different browsers and still i couldn't checkout. it simply didn't load the checkout page. any help?
I purchased a Stila waterproof eye liner today, OR SO I THOUGHT, and came home to find an empty box! I've been out of this stuff for a month and as soon as I could afford to get
Hi stormysetting! Oh no, that's not good.  The store will be able to help! Just give them a call and explain the situation. :)
I placed an order a month ago to be sent to my parents address that they could wrap and give to me for Christmas. When I didn't open it on Christmas I was confused and asked my
Hi msmith21092! Oh no! We can take a look into that for you. I'm sending a private message with more details
I know that now you can only use 1 regular gift card per order, but I'm wondering if you can combine an online gift certificate with a plain old plastic gift card in one transaction? 
I really wanna buy some stuff now, but I'd also like a makeover at some point, and there are no available appointments at my location. Will holding onto my receipt for my purchase
HI IshaShisha,   I believe the makeover and purchase will need to happen the same day, so holding onto the past receipt will not make a difference.  If your local Se...
Today I called customer service because I had a refund that still had not been Posted to my account (It had been almost 3 weeks ).I had the pleasure of speaking to Margie who...
Hi I am hoping someone can help recommend a Silicone-Free primer. I have tried the Becca and kind of love it, but its almost too drying - I feel wrinkly when I wear it! I used to use...
Yes but I also use too  faced primed and poreless powder to set it. I prefer this one over my Chanel primer.  
I just purchased Nars blush in deep throat and seduction, I need some ideas for lip colors that would go with them, I am not affraid of color but I don't want to choose the wrong
my biggest concerns are blackheads and large pores. i rarely get breakouts, and when i do, it's hormonal, so i know there's little i can do about that and i don't really mind them. my...
ok, so after posting a thread about the "L'OCCITANE Cleansing And Softening Shower Oil With Almond Oil" and hearing SO many good things about it, i decided to go to Sephora
Is anyone else's legs so dry this winter?? I need some lotion for my legs.. It looks like there are 2 layers of dry skin on them!! HELP!!!!
I do dry brush, pink salt scrub, aveeno oatmeal bath and Neutrogena Sesame Oil. I have dry flaky skin, this routine keeps my legs soft and smooth. To shave, I use Venus 
What is a good tinted mosturizer for oily skin
Tarte's Bb Tinted Treatment 12-Hour Primer is awesome, it has SPF 30 and it not dewy or oily at all.  As someone with dry skin I actually have to use a little bit extra ...
I have had dark circles all my life. I had tried so many different eye creams but so far none worked for me. Is there any eye cream that you have tried and worked for dark
what helps red bumps that result from shaving? any product suggestions?
TendSkin, if you need something more hydrocortisone cream (from any pharmacy, grocery store, walmart).  
My skin has always been fairly oily, but since arriving in Canada a few months ago it's been through every combination of skin types imaginable. Right now, I have a few very
"While at the local Best Buy in Fort Collins Colorado tonight, I saw a really sweet machine - the ASUS model Q400A-BHI7N03.
A really nice package with 14-inch matte display, 3rd Gen I7 processor, ample hard drive and memory,  and WiDi capable (important to me).
My one concern is that the specs say that it does not have BlueTooth.  I am wondering whether this is correct.  Having BT is also important to me.
Usually being WiDi capable means having an Intel Wireless Network Card and I thought that most of them (such as the Centrino 2230) had BlueTooth support.
While there is very little info on the Q400A model on the Asus web site, I did see a message in the support area about how to enable BT on this model.  The reply from Asus was pretty vague and simply said to reinstall the driver and reboot.
Any info on this would be greatly appreciated.  In the absence of BT support, I am wondering if it would be reasonable to simply use a USB nub type adapter as a semi-permanent plug into one of the USB ports.
I am also trying to figure out what Asus model the Q400A evolved from.  It appears to be a BestBuy specific model.  There are no references to it on the Asus web site.  Research looks like it could be related to the B43S model which had an all black aluminum body which is one of the appeals of this machine.
Thanks,
Patrick"
"Bluetooth-Enabled No 
^ Taken from the product page on bestbuy.com
I couldn't find anything on the web(in a few quick searches) that shows anything saying that the model has it either."
"Thanks George.
The only reference I could find in regards to Bluetooth on the Q400A is the bestbuy.com product page.  There are almost no other references to this model of machine anywhere.  The only available Q400A is the Q400A-BHI7N03 from BestBuy.
One thing I did find is an Asus product support page for the Q400A.
http://support.asus.com/download.aspx?SLanguage=en&p=3&s=448&m=Q400A&os=&hashedid=n%2fa
On the ""Download Drivers"" page, it shows 2 options for Bluetooth - an Intel Bluetooth drive and an Atheros Bluetooth driver.  The Intel driver  version V2.5.0.0248 is specific to providing support on Windows 8 with a release date of 2012/10/19.  
This makes me wonder if the Bluetooth=No was because the driver was not yet ready at the time that specs were assembled.  The Q400 is a Windows 8 machine and was never released with Windows 7.
Perhaps I will go back into the store and pull up the Computer>Manage>DeviceManager screen and select NetworkAdapters and if like Win7 and XP it will show me the specific model of adapter that is installed.
In the meantime, I am a bit put off by the way the Win8 is being sold.  The installed version is NOT the Win8 Pro version which is needed if you want to install MediaCenter and have some better security features.  If you buy a machine with any version of Win7 then you can upgrade to Win8 Pro for $15 but if you buy a machine with Win8 and want to update to Win8 Pro then it costs $70 to do the upgrade."
The Q400A does have a bluetooth adapter and works if you have Windows 7 installed. I wiped my drive and put Windows 7 on it right after I bought it, so I did not have a chance to see if the bluetooth showed up in Windows 8.
Have you gotten the wireless to work in windows 7? if so what drivers did you install?
I figured it out. Under the battery it tells you what wireless card is in the laptop. Mine had the Intel Centrino Wireless-N 2230 card. The drivers were available on the Intel web site. Hope this helps others that run into this because the drivers from the Asus site would not install because they were looking for Windows 8.
"Yep, you need the Intel Centrino Wireless-N 2230. Good idea on checking the card itself... I spent forever on google trying to figure it out lol.
Here is a list of the drivers needed for Windwos7 64bit. Hopefully it will help the next person out.
Other Q400A drivers:
Intel® Chipset Device Software version 9.3.0.1025
http://downloadcenter.intel.com/Detail_Desc.aspx?DwnldID=22091
(or search for ""INF_allOS_9.3.0.1025_PV.exe"")
USB Charger Plus (quick-pcharges devices via USB)
search for ""USBChargerPlus_Win7_64_Z205.zip""
it's somewhere on the ASUS website, but a paint to find. I think you have to go to a similar laptop model (one that has windows7) then you will find it
Wifi - Intel Centrino Wireless-N 2230
http://www.intel.com/p/en_US/support/highlights/wireless/cwn-2230?wapkw=intel+centrino+wireless-n+22...
(or search for ""WiFi_Intel_Win7_64_Z153016.zip"")
Ethernet - Atheros AR8151
Search for ""win7-l1c-1.0.0.36-whql.zip""
There is one thing that I still need a driver for. It the device manager I still have an unknown ""Universial Serial Bus (USB) Controller"". Im not sure exactly what it is since all my USB ports are working fine..."
"Wow, sorry for all the typos in my previous post. 
There needs to be an Edit Post option so I can go back and fix it all :/"
"kevinadams05,
First, let me thank you for posting the links to these drivers. I am not ready to introduce Windows 8 into our shop, but a colleague wanted this computer so I told him I would install Windows 7. I managed to get all the drivers installed except for the same pesky USB Controller, as well. Since this laptop has USB 3.0 ports I got to thinking maybe THAT required a speicial driver. My hunch seems to be correct. The missing Universal Serial Bus Controller driver appears to be a USB 3.0 driver.
To obtain this driver, go to the ASUS website: Support > Downloads - Select ""Notebook"" - In the list of ""Series"" Scroll down and select ""Drivers"" (not Q400 series). Under ""Model"" scroll down and select ""USB 3.0"" - The menu will change to ""OS."" Select ""Windows 7 (64 bit)"" and click confirm below. The next screen will display various dirvers. I installed the Intel USB3.0 Driver Version  V1.0.5.235. That seems to have done the trick. Although... I don't have any USB 3.0 devices with which to test :smileysad:
Also, I might add that I wasn't happy with the touchpad driver that installed by default. It didn't have the same response as when the computer had Windows 8 installed. I used the same process above to find a newer driver (it also required ATK Package V1.0.0020 to be installed prior to installing the touchpad driver).
There is a new BIOS available, as well... but I haven't installed that just yet.
Cheers!
Darin"
I'd be careful installing the new bios. I flashed the first one I got from version 207 to the new version 208 with terrible results... It would no longer boot from USB or the HardDisk even when I manually added the correct boot paths back to the boot devices in the bios
Is anyone able to use N networks? The wifi card is supposed to be N but I can only see b/g networks.
"Darin,
I'm glad I could help. Ahh, yes USB3 would explain it! Thanks for the info. I also don't have any USB3 devices to test... maybe I will go buy a USB3 flash drive and compare the transfer rates before and after installing that driver.
Are you happier with the touchpad response now that you installed the new driver? I hardly ever use the touchpad (laptop is on my desk 95% of the time) but I might install it anyways.
 
Weagle,
I agree... I am a little hesitant to flash the BIOS. I’ve never flashed a BIOS before and don’t want to risk it since I’ve already begun using this laptop for work.
I can connect to wireless N networks fine... maybe we have a different version of the driver? Device manager says my driver version is 15.3.0.16 released on 8/22/2012.
Regards,
Kevin"
"Kevin,
Yes... the touchpad seems to cooperate more with the ASUS Smart Gesture driver installed. Before I installed the ASUS Smart Gesture, when I would select things it would tend to un-select immediately. I believe it enabled pinch and zoom functionality, as well but I honestly don't remember if it would do that with the generic driver or not.
 
Weagle,
I also feel a bit of trepidation flashing the BIOS on any device. Done it a few times without issue, but I'll still hold off on this one unless I hear that there is a crucial update needed. I'm happy with the computer as is right now.
On the wireless, I installed version driver version 15.3.1.2. Wireless N is working great for me with that verison.
-Darin"
Thanks for all the help and updates! Really liking this laptop so far... I threw in a 120GB SSD and it makes it really fly. Only thing more I wish it had is docking capabilities.
"Nice! I would like to add a SSD too.
I have uploaded thw Winsdows7 drivers here.
http://igptechnologies.com/Other/AsusQ400A/Windows7Drivers/
Hopefully that will make it easier for other people to get Windows 7 up and running"
"Hi all,
and thank you for all the great help, recommendations and drivers here.
I put my Windows 7 Ultimate SSD from my previous laptop into the Q400a after my old laptop died. With all your help and drivers it worked (almost) without problems. I hooked up a USB 3.0 harddrive and reached up to 90MB/s on the two USB ports on the left. Out of curiosity, is the right one shorter than a normal USB port? My logitech mouse dongle sticks out abit!
I also removed the DVD drive and with an optical bay hard drive caddy (use the slim 9.5mm, the others are too high) I added the original Samsung 750GB drive that came with the Q400a. All worked like a charm, I can see it in th eexplorer, can see the data I transfered on it and open everything. Also I could attach the original ASUS fastener to fix the caddy with the original screw and also attach the original optical drive bay cover. So you can't tell the difference.
However, after I was done with everything, I noticed my computer does not power down correctly (nor restart), everything goes normal, log-off, screen-off, etc, except the power button on the right stays lid and under the mouse pad the light most to the left (with the light bulb) stays lid as well. Also the restart stops here. After some tries to narrow down the source of the problem and I removed the original Samsung drive from the optical bay and now my computer powers down correctly again. Any idea how to fix this? I formatted the original hard drive partition while configured as an external hard drive in an encasing. Then I transferred all the data. Afterwards I discovered there is a protected 20GB partition and two other small ones. I formatted all these and integrated the 20GB into the main partition. But, since my order was off, I have 1GB of unallocated space on the right of my main partition in Disk Manager? Could this be the problem or do you might have a solution for this as well?
Many thanks in advance for your help!"
"Hi Dirtykraut7,
I'm glad we could help.
What HD caddy did you use? I've been considering doing the same thing for my laptop.
Yes, the port on the right side is slightly shorter. I mainly use the ones on the left side (because my monitor is to the right of the laptop) so I never noticed until I looked just now, but it is.
Your restarting issue has me stumped. I don’t think the 1GB is the problem… but maybe it is. Here are two things to try, if you haven’t tried them already:
Does the partition say “Healthy (Primary Parition)”?
“Extend” your partition to include that 1GB space. You may or may not have to format the 1GB space first, I can never remember.
If that does doesn’t work, try completely wiping the drive. Delete all the partitions, recreate 1 partition for the whole drive, and reformat.
-Kevin"
"Hi Kevin,
and thank you for your response.
I ordered the ""NEW SATA 2nd HDD caddy for 9.5mm Universal CD/DVD-ROM ACER BENQ HP DELL ASUS"" by none from a*a*on, for $15 a great deal. As said the original fixtures all fit and the central screw that opens the RAM/HDD compartment also releases the optical drive.
Somebody had trouble with N WLAN networks before, mine runs fine on N WLAN.
As for the power down, I tried it with the 1GB as seperate (formatted) drive (i couldn't extend it bc it is on the left side of the rest of the drive). Then I wiped the whole drive so I have one big partition now (Healthy Primary Partition). Also I did a complete error check of the whole drive. Did not help. But sometimes it works, mostly doesn't so I think it might me coincident that it worked without the HDD. Still have a bit trouble with my BT as well, not sure if that is related, I think I incorrectly ran a BT driver from Intel over the WIFI driver from intel. Did you all only use the Intel driver to run your bluetooth? So I uninstalled all BT and WIFI and only installed the Intel WIFI driver 15.3.1 directly from the intel website (though not 15.3.1.2 as somebody mentioned earlier). All looks fine in the device manager, I can conncet my jawbone but not really use it (it says disconnected in the playback/record devices). Not sure if that is related or not. I also cleaned my system with ccleaner and wisecare. Also, I tried it with disconnecting all peripherals (mouse, thumbdrive, external monitor, etc) before power down/restart. I run Windows 7 ultimate with bitlocker encryption of my drives (no problems here).
Anyhow, all suggestions to proceed/fix the problem are welcome. If you need more information on the caddy or aything else, let me know!
Thanks
Dirty
P.S.: Otherwise I am really happy with this small, powerful yet not super expensive laptop."
"Hi Guys.
I am very interested to find this thread with users having the Asus Q400A.
I am contemplating purchasing this model next week.
Been to Best Buy testing this model. Seems pretty fast.
Just a few questions if you don’t mind. :
The store clerk at BB informed me a 4-cell battery is installed upon purchase.
When I look at  BB website, the Tech Specs specifies 6-cell battery.
Can someone clarify what size battery is installed when you bought the laptop?
Can I upgrade the battery to 8-cell? Is it upgradeable?
What kind of battery life are you getting from this laptop model? I realize it’s subjective, but I just want to get a ball park figure.
Anybody knows if Asus warranty for parts/labor is global?
I plan to be in South East Asia for 8 months carrying this laptop.
I'm not even sure if there are service centers in that region.
Finally, I am not a tech guru, but I would like replace the HD to a SSD. Is it difficult to replace?
Thanks for your help
TC."
"Hi TC,
not sure if my battery is 4 or 6 cell. It says Battery  Pack A32-U47 (10.8V and 5200mAh, 56Wh). If I google this, the 6cell batteries look the same as mine. A quick search did not turn up a 8 cell battery that had a form that seemed to fit the Q400a. Batteries seem the same as Asus U47 series, so it should be easy to replace. Some sites mention the Q400a as compatible some don't, probably due to its limited availability thru Best Buy. If you find a 8 cell let me know, I might consider it too.
As for battery life, I get about 2-4 hours depending on High performance or balanced setting. Haven't tried it out in power saver yet. But overall I am happy with the battery life.
As for replacing your HDD with SSD. Not terribly complicated to do so and an incredible difference in speed.It is probably the best to google how to do it.
Don't know about global warrenty, but they are from Taiwan after all, probably you want to call them.
I hope that helps
Dirtykrau"
How does the slim dvd drive come out? I bought a 9.5mm replacement caddy but upon trying to install it, i realized there was no obvious released latch or anthing to pull out the original dvd drive. do I need to disassemble the case?
"Hi Trickstarter,
the lonely screw that closes the latch containing the original HDD and RAM also releases the optical drive. Once you removed the optical drive ( simply by pulling after removing the screw) you can unscrew the little fixture at the end (opposite to the dvd entry) of the optical drive and screw this to your caddy. With some trying you can carefully (!!!) take off the original outside cover of the optical dirve (you can look on the caddy where the plastic hooks will attach and then loosen them with a screw driver).
I hope this helps!"
"thanks all for your quick reply regarding ssd and battery.  
I google and found some websites that will be useful for installing ssd.
A quick thought from me  for you Tech Masters.
 I’m sure the Asus Q400A laptop I will order, has been  boxed for months without any updates.
How do I find out if I have the latest drivers/bug fix updates on my laptop?
Will the Asus user manual point me to am online site to get the latest updates to download?   
Or is there an auto install from Microsoft and Asus signaling  the laptop ”ready to install updates” once everything is powered on?
I googled and found this site supports Asus Q400A. laptops.with downloads.
http://support.asus.com/knowledge.aspx?SLanguage=en&p=3&s=448&m=Q400A&os=&hashedid=n/a  
Thanks.
TC."
"TC-
Some of the Crucial SSDs come with a transfer kit which include a USB adapter and software to clone the drive. This is a pretty easy way to go if you've never done it before.
As far as updates go, your best bet is to use the Windows Update feature to check for all the most recent updates after you startup for the first time. In addtion to Microsoft updates that will also pull in 3rd party driver updates.
Generally I hesitate to go to any other source for drivers, unless you are a power-user or are doing something out of the ordinary (like those of us who put Windows7 on the laptop).
Weagle-
Yeah... the trackpad seems less than ideal, but 95% of the time I am using a wireless keyboard and mouse so it's not a big deal for me.
Dirty-
Thanks for the info on the caddy.
You're HD issue has me stumped. I hate to say it, but I have no idea. When I get a HD caddy I will let you know if I have any issues. Also, I'll check my BT when I get in the office and see if its working correctly. I just used the Intel driver and it seemed to work okay, but I didn't do much testing.
Regards,
Kevin"
"Thanks Kevin.
I will launch windows update.
Going forward, will I have to click ""Windows Update"" periodically to get new changes or will auto notified takes effect.
Currently on my Dell workstation using XP, I am auto notified during my online session or before I logoff updates are ready to be install.   
Tom."
How did you get the cover off of the back of the laptop? I have a Q400A and it's not really clear how to open it up so that I can replace the hard drive with an SSD. I assume that the hard drive is under the L-shaped cover with the vents in it, but there's no clear way to remove it... the spot on the cover that looks it should have a screw just has a little rubber thing, and I'm not sure that removing the other screws will be at all helpful.
you are correct, you must remove the L-shaped piece. There is only one screw holding it in conceiled under a little black round sticker. just remove the screw and you can pry this piece off carefully.
Yeah, I managed to get it off and install the hard drive. Seriously though, whoever designed that absurd system of clips that hold it on was an idiot. Thanks for the response!
Thank you all for the great info for this nice notebook, I just pick one up a week ago. My only issue is I can't dual-boot it. Any one know how to get a Win 7 Pro & 8 Pro dual-boot going on this notebook?
"I have a Q400a that I wanted to install Win7 Ultimate on. I replaced the HDD with a Momentus XT 750 and booted from my Win7 DVD, it loads some files then goes to a Starting Windows screen and freezes. I also tried this with a WD Black drive, same thing. Has anyone else seen this behavior, or am I missing something?
Thanks."
I was able to install win 7 ultimate on an SSD without any problems, so I can't really help, but I'd suggest you also look at forum threads on the U47A on other sites - it appears to be just about exactly the same computer (besides the color of the case) and there's a lot more info about it online.
sounds like a memory issue... I'd probably return it and try a different one
If you download the manual you can see that Best Buy model Q400A is the U47A and U47C Asus models. BTW, the only difference in those two is that one has the Intel graphics, and the other has Nvidia (I think). Hope that helps!
Call me stupid, but how did you get efi to boot any device, other than the hard disk?
"Just a quick note for everyone - if your function keys and keyboard backlight do not work, then you need to install the ASUS ATK Package:
http://support.asus.com/Download.aspx?SLanguage=en&m=ATK_package&os=30
IcedTea:
Did you figure it out yet? It's version stubborn on machines with the new version of the BIOS. I bought one machine back in November and had no isses. Then I got another one a few months ago and it has a new version of the BIOS and it took me forever to figure out how to boot from USB? If you still need help I will grab that machine and try to remember what I did.
 "
"Has anyone been able to install Windows7 on one of these that has been purchased recently? I’m thinking something was changed in the most recent BIOS (BIOS v209) that is causing issues with Windows7.
My first machine had BIOS v206 and Windows7 went on fine. We then bought a second machine a few months later (didn’t check the BIOS) and I eventually got Windows7 on. Now I’m trying to put Windows7 on a third on (with BIOS 209) and it just won’t work. I get the exact same problem that DocWatson describes. Install boots up, does a little bit of work, then freezes on the Starting Windows screen.
I’ve tried with Win7Pro and Win7Enterprise. No luck. I’ve tried taking the harddrive out, and putting it in my original laptop and installing Windows7, then moving the harddrive back to the new laptop. No luck. I’ve tried taking the harddrive from my original laptop and moving it to the new one. No luck.
Something has changed with this laptop. Either with the new BIOS version or maybe they changed some of the hardware inside… but unless someone has had better luck than me, it appears that this laptop is no longer Windows7 compatible :smileysad:
Any thoughts?"
I took the laptop back to BB.  I used to test firmware, and this is clearly a case of Asus breaking something.  You can look in the changelog and see that it was broken right around version 207.  It would be nice if they'd release a developer's version of the EFI firmware, so that we could back flash.  This laptop is completely usesless without the ability to boot a device other than the HD.
Yeah.. The first one I got I had to take back the next day because I updated the bios from 207 to 208 and it essentially bricked the machine because I then went to replace the OS but was unable to install from any media type.. So I returned it for another and didn't update the bios (still running version 207) and everything worked great
It is a shame Asus has ruined this laptop.. I really like it a lot and have no complaints except the atrocious touch pad
"Hey everyone,
I have had my Q400 for about 3-4 months. No issues up to now. This week, tried to turn on the laptop and got the message that says:
""check cable connection.  pxe-m0f: exiting intel pxe rom.
reboot and select proper boot device or insert boot media....""
From my research, this indicates possible hdd failure, connection of hdd problems, or possible electrical issue of powering the hdd.
I'm lookin on other forums for more detail and possible solutions, just curious if anyone has had hard drive issues with their Q400? or heard of Asus having issues? Seems like a lot of you in previous posts switched out your hdd, was that simply for better performance or had you heard of Asus issues with drives?
Thanks in advance for any thoughts. "
Go into your BIOS settings and see if the boot order got mixed up. It happens on my ASUS motherboard once in a while. If that fixes it, I wouldn't worry about it.
Weagle - Yeah, I agree. It's a shame... I would have kept buying them. ASUS support says they would be willing to downgrade the BIOS to 206 if you send it to their RMA department ... but that is a little too much work for me. I guess I'm going to switch to ordering Dell or HP business laptops which still have Win7 preloaded.
"Welcome to the forums, Maverick.
As RealGeorge said, this is commonly just a BIOS setting error. Try this:
Boot into BIOS and check the settings. Boot order should be CD then HDD. If there is a boot from LAN option, disable it.
Disconnect the power supply and remove the battery
Remove the hard drive, use compressed air to make sure there is no dirt or dust in the connector, then plug the drive back in and make sure it’s in securely.
Reconnect battery and power supply
Boot into BIOS again just to make sure the settings are still correct (never hurts to double check)
Try to boot"
"Thanks for the advice.
When I first tried to understand the problem the other night, I took the hard drive out and put it back in a few times to make sure the connection was secure, and that was about as much as I could do on my own when it didn't fix the issue. So I studied a little online about BIOS, boot order and hard drives etc, and have checked it also at that time. The hard drive doesn't show in the ""main"" page of BIOS, but I had a hard time finding out if it is supposed to. It shows fine under SATA  Configuration (AHCI) as Port 0 (I have BIOS 207, since I saw it mentioned here that newer versions are having unrelated problems).
For boot order, the hard drive was 3, following the CD drive and the Atheros Boot Manager. I moved it to second, since the order mentioned above was to have only the CD in front of it. After making the change, saving, removing battery and replacing after ~30 min, still getting the same error on startup. Returning to BIOS, the change in boot order did stick.
I didn't attempt to clean the connections last time, so when I get home and have some tools to unscrew the back I will try this again. Other than that I've planned to try and test the hard drive, but not sure how yet as haven't done any research. Was thinking of bringing a different hard drive to test the Q400 machine, as have easier access to an old laptop that the monitor doesn't work on. If it is better to take this hard drive out of the laptop and test it in a working machine, I will have to find some youtube videos to teach me what to do. :smileyhappy:
I really appreciate the comments on here, wasn't really expecting anyone to reply so fast or with so much help. Thanks.
Mav "
"Testing it with a 2nd hard drive would be a good place to start if the BOOT order options didn't work.
I skimmed through the rest of the thread, is this machine under warranty?"
"You're welcome, this has become the defacto forum for Q400A questions so I try to keep an eye on it.
Have you tried to boot from the CD drive? If you try to boot from the CD and receive the same error then it is probably a BIOS or motherboard error, not a HDD error. If you can boot from the CD, then try to swap out hard drives."
"Hi Guys,
I pulled the hard drive out of my old laptop (2008 HP running windows XP if I recall) and tried it in the Q400.  I didn't get the same error, but I did get a ""windows error recovery"" and stated that windows failed to start and kept asking me to choose from launch repair or start normally. Neither option worked. Would this suggest that my hard drive is the problem, and it's just that my old hard drive has some compatibility issues? Or any thoughts on what else could be the problem? 
My ASUS would be under whatever typical manufacturer warranty exists, if any, as I didn't purchase geek squad or additional coverage. I bought it end of February 2013.
I guess my next plan is to see if I can get my ASUS drive connected to another machine to see if it works. Does it matter if I get a newish laptop that has been running Windows 8?
As usual, thanks for any thoughts. 
Mav"
"Hey Maverick,
That Windows Recovery Error sounds like good news. It means your laptop was able to boot to your old harddrive. Windows is freaking out, but that's not a huge surprise. WindowsXP (especailly if it is 32bit) probably is pretty confused by the modern hardware in the ASUS. So yes, this seems to suggest that the harddrive is the problem.
You can try plugging your ASUS harddrive into another laptop (or even a desktop) if you have one available. The newer the better because you will need something that supports the new GPT boot record/EFI BIOS stuff.
Since you are still under warranty it might be worth considering calling ASUS and having them replace it.
Regards,
Kevin"
"Just as a follow up, I let the computer sit all week while I read up on RMA to Asus. I was glad to see there is an Asus authorized service provider locally, as I saw some reports of poor service since they outsourced repairs. Anyhow, I was boxing up the laptop to take to them today and decided to turn on the laptop again to reread the details of the error page and to make sure the battery had some power in it. Surprisingly it booted up fine! I was pretty shocked. There weren't many files I hadn't backed up already, but I quickly moved a few recent pictures to a usb and the laptop has been running fine for a few hours. 
The laptop had been on a counter, battery out, with the hard drive connected but not screwed in, for almost exactly a week. I'm not sure what would have changed in that time."
Why can't I quickly get back to an instant video i couldn't finish last night. It was part of a free Prime video. But why can't an unfinished video be quickly brought to your attention when you log on. There is an option to resume a video which is great. The problem is that there is no place to see a history of what you watched recently so you can go back to it quickly. You only show a history of purchases. I'm sure YOU are keeping history of everything I do on the site. So why can't I see where I was in Amazon recently.
Why when I choose the "contact us" feature anywhere on the site, do I get a page with no way to contact? Is that area off line now?
My Kindle changed my Angry Birds Rio to a new kind. I want the old one back. Why would it do this without me requesting it.
Was a special offer showing (boogie board-$5 offer) which I wanted to purchase but when I placed into cart a message kept coming up that there was an error and I was unable to purchase item.
Once the tv reads "checking updates", the screen goes blank. I've allowed the tv to stay on all night and day and nothing. My computer picks the firetv up as being on the network. What could be wrong?
Every time I order something that shows the prime on it, it still takes 5 days to get. What happened to Free Two Day Shipping with prime.
is there a way to search Prime only?
Keep getting popups on your site from WAJAM how can I stop these popups
I ordered a product then canceled order 2 hrs later. Next day receive notice it is being sent. Do not need item, daughters husband already bought it. Why are they shipping after cancellation?
I recently placed an order and applied for a credit card to get $50 off and the credit card never went though
I would keep prime if I had an inkling that Amazon is working on getting video to my Samsung galaxy note!!! I have loved Amazon for many years and I would hate to have to go to another service just because they don't have the ability to stream videos to note!!
can you transfer pictures from camera to computer? Is their a transfer cable for the camera to do this? Does it come with camera or is it an after market purchase
When the battery starts to get low, this Kindle shuts down right in the middle of whatever we are doing, even though there is some battery power left, or it is plugged in. Help!
Can I add my laptop to be one of the devises used for linking to my Kindle library
Tracing shows package was delivered several days ago, but we did not receive it. What do we do?
For the past several days the performance of Amazon.com servers has been extremely slow ... so much so that I did not complete my ordering process as it was taking so long for response pages to load. I could not find a way to contact any tech folks at Amazon so am posting this with the hope that someone will take notice. Note that the problem is NOT with my computer as other sites used have performed normally. Am running Chrome on Windows 7 and have done a lot of ordering on Amazon.com so I have a pretty good general idea about how fast the system usually works.
What carrier is standard or two day shipping? Amazon doesn't list it anywhere, and not everyone can receive UPS or USPS at a given address. I can't receive USPS at my physical address and can't receive UPS at my PO box so I must know before ordering. Help
I have a $25 Amazon gift card which I'd like to add to my Kindle account. When I scratched off the silver tab the numbers were removed too. How do I handle getting the credit onto my account.
Hi I bought Disney frozen figures for my grand daughter birthday she had them a week and three off figures have broken .
On December 12, 2013, I ordered two pool ques. One of them, the "Royal Flush" has a serious flaw in that twisting the stick, the top section separated, leaving threads and open spaces. I wonder if anyone else has experienced this problem as it looks like the manufacturer has changed the design eliminating the upper sections with a single section. The return period has passed and I have taped the section to cover the damage but I feel that with few casual uses, the product should have lasted longer.
I just received an email telling me I was just picked to receive a $1,000 coupon from amazon but first I have to answer some questions. They are only issueing 100 coupons. Does anyone know anything about this.
this is my last reest how do i change my credit card inf.
how can I recover my Wi-Fi password
Why is my estimated delivery date a month after order is shipped?
want to download mp3 to computer without using cloud
Unable to find my Amazon Account Balance
Hello good morning thanks for your mail. Personally I do not remember this subscription, but if I deducted my card a value I'm not sure but I think it was 74, 00, dollars, in any case I would be better to make the repayment of that amount, or proportional part if I have used something this membership.
How do I register to our active account. We have several devices that receive the books, but I can't get them on my new I-pad 3.
I received an electronic product on the 7th of April. As of the 15th of April the price has been dropped from $120.00 to $100.00. The product was sold and delivered by Amazon.How or where do I go to receive a competitive price match??
Tried to check my wish list to order some of the items I placed there and got this message. "We're sorry. The Web address you entered is not a functioning page on our site." Any idea what's going on with this???
Received a congratulations message from Amazon that I won a random survey for an Amazon gift card of $1000. When I click on the link for Amazon it does take me to your site but when I click on the link for I must complete a survey I get to gotgamecheats.net and then do not have any link to complete or even find out what the survey is asking. Is this legitimate?
Placed order on 4/12 for in stock item..still not shipped on 4/16..why?
unable to register my KindleHDX with my current Amazon account
I would like to purchase Jimmy Page t-shirt and other items, but do not want to use my credit or debitt card. Is there an address where I can mail my order to?
i recently joined to the prime membership and i cant take benefit of (i don't know why) and i would like to cancel or dis-activate it. how can i cancel it..?
If I loan out a book how long do they have to keep it, and if it is not used within a certain amout of time is it returned to my kindle account. I am asking this because I lent out a book last week and I got an email this morning stating the book has been returned and the person I lent it to told me she didn't read it yet and she did not return it????? 
How do I find out memory left on kindle cloud space?
I'm an author of multiple books. How do I find out if any of my books are selling? My books are placed in Amazon by my publisher
I have tried this repeatedly on IE and Chrome. I click install Player, it downloads the 34mb installer and then when i click run it just opens up a small window which, when I maximize it, is empty with Amazon CloudPlayer installer written in the top left. Infuriating. Have paid for 20 mp3s and only want the player to put them in Itunes.
I have a gift card balance and I would like to purchase an item that costs more than the balance. Can I use the gift card balance and my credit card on file for the difference? Thank You
I copied and pasted a review from Goodreads for a kindle book - Sword of Destiny: Hope Awaits by Christopher Bryant last night. It must not have copied because after I posted I noticed that it was a review for another book The Hand of Christ. I need to get that review removed so that I can post the correct review for the author.
I ordered a pair of shoes yesterday and you cancelled the order. I got no word on this or no explanation. It would be nice to understand why this was cancelled.
when I'm on vacation and can not send orders how do I acknowledge that?
I received an email saying my credit card was not current for the renewal of Prime. I checked it out and it seems to be alright. I don't know why you are having problems with it. Please advise as to what I should do now.
If I purchase a watch from USA will I have to pay tax or will it cost me what it says on amazon.
I am a Prime member and many of the items that I order that are marked as "Prime" are not delivered In two days. The last item I ordered has been held at the closest FedEx site over the weekend plus two working days. When they get around to delivering it the FedEx truck will drive right past my house and drop it at the local Post Office. I will have to take time off work to get the package because of reduced hours at the Post Office. Some items that I order that are listed as "Prime" are shipped via ground with a delivery time of 7 to 10 days. When I check back on Amazon the "Prime" has been removed. Very poor service for a lot of money. I will be canceling Prime.
I have an order that had to be delivered on March 20, 2014, sold by amazon.com LLC and still not arrive, as I contact the seller listed in the summary off contact the seller. thanks
How do I delete my order history from my account? I ordered something as a gift for my husband and I dont want him to be able to log on and see it.
I have tried to order and pay for three books with a gift token, it has not registered the transaction and I am not sure if it has been completed? It does not accept the changed password, and would like assistance or confirmation.
I am trying to find out what my balance is on my settlement from that lawsuit for e-books. I know there's a page that has it, I just cannot find it. Anyone know where it is?
I made an xboxlive account on my pc trough the website just a few min ago. Now when I try to log in to it trough my xbox I get somekind of error message. i put name I did Jennifer my email then password. once its all entered i get "this windows live ID is associated with a different gamertag. Enter another windows live ID and password". what in Gods name is it talking about? I even went back online and changed my gamertag then tried to put that as my name same message. Please help I have NO idea what I am doing
"What are valid payment methods?
Currently you can use credit and debit cards with major labels (Visa, Mastercard, and American Express) as well as PayPal. These should be current accounts, and the billing information should match that of your Xbox LIVE account. Also, prepaid credit/debit cards may not work on Xbox LIVE, as the service requires the card be able to accept online and recurring charges, something prepaid cards sometimes cannot do.

What are valid payment methods?
Currently you can use credit and debit cards with major labels (Visa, Mastercard, and American Express) as well as PayPal. These should be current accounts, and the billing information should match that of your Xbox LIVE account. Also, prepaid credit/debit cards may not work on Xbox LIVE, as the service requires the card be able to accept online and recurring charges, something prepaid cards sometimes cannot do.

"
"when i got to download my profile on my xbox 360 and starts downloading it gets to ""downloading your game info"" but the litle loading circle is still moving in a circle and its frozen. if i press the guide button while its frozen it says ""T3KNO ORANG3 has (whatever number) friendsonline"" but my profile is not fully downloaded and it tell me to redownload it from xbox live.

These are the steps ive taken so far everytime a corrupted version of my profile was there i deleted just profile only

-take out the hard drive for 30 seconds plug back in then try to download my profile

-format my hard drive 

-cleared system cache 3 times then tried

-my friends profiles downloaded just fine on my xbox

-tried downloading my profile onto a usb stick still didnt work

-ive searched countless videos and forums none help me"
Hi, I am just curious about this. I have a rep of 5 starts, but 100% of the people I have played with choose to avoid me, for non obvious reasons, and I don't understand why. I never (usually) talk in game and I have a "Communications" rep of disruptive 50% and the rest are 0%, and "Behavior" rep of unsporting which is 50%, the rest being 0% aswell. I'm quite confused upon what I have done wrong, and I don't get why I deserve this review, I have gotten some hate filled messages from people on Gears of War (The first one, where I decided, since I was bored, to go back and play some matches) with people saying that I suck and I need to "Get the *** off of xbox and this game". Again, why did I get this review? So, if anyone could help me about if I can reset it, or why I might have gotten these reviews, that would be wonderful, that you tremendously.
I have just change my region from united states to australia on xbox.com and made sure my billing address was my australian address and cards were my australian cards but when i turn on my xbox 360 it still think my account is american and not australian and my billing info is my american details and not australian and i cannot add my australian cards. Do i have to wait a certain amount of time before it changes because it change instantly when i first had to switch from australian to united states.
Microsoft created this Xbox profile for me. I actually have another profile that is currently associated with another Microsoft Account that I want to move over to THIS Microsoft Account. How do I delete/remove this Xbox profile?
Last May 2013 , I successfully recovered an old profile . I had long forgotten the password & security question & the old email address had expired 5 yrs earlier after I moved to a new town . I got verification for the profile & a new password & security question . Problem is , I can't get rid of the old email address . When I try to switch addresses to my new one on the console all I get is : xbox.com/error help or  xbox.com/account swap . I,m told I need to verify the old email address but nothing I try seems to work  ( can't send or receive messages to an address that's expired ) ( Catch 22 ? ) . Attempted Live Chat but got cut off because the agent thought I was too slow for her ( geez ! ) . Any suggestions ?
"It all started about three weeks ago when I decided to change the Microsoft email associated with my gamertag Neo Fang. I went through the various steps on the console to change my email from originalemail@microsoft.com to newemail@microsoft.com (disclaimer, those are just example emails) and at the confirmation screen I received a message telling me that the email could not be changed and that there was an error moving the email or something like that.

I thought nothing of it at first just thinking that maybe I had changed the email associated with the gamertag less that 30 days ago or something minor like that so I continued playing on regardless, that is when the errors started. Since then I have had error after error after error with my xbox account, so many in fact that I decided to contact a webchat support agent with my issues to see if they could help me. Here is a list of error codes to help others who may have this issue."
One of my friends gave me three 1 month xbox live gold membership prepaid gift cards. I could activated one off them but I couldn't active the other two. now what should I do right now? please advice.
For three weeks now I haven't been able to purchase Xbox Live from a credit card or a pre paid card. I talked to support and they escalated my problem. I got an email from the escalation team saying that they have looked into my problem. I was happy that maybe the problem was finally fixed. It wasn't. The email says my problem was because of the new security proofs, then it just explains what the security proofs are and that's the end of the email. I have security proofs already, so I'm not really sure what to do at this point. I'm still locked out of buying Xbox Live and I've waited patiently for to long.
"I bought an Xbox 360 1/2013. Around 10/2013 I cancelled the credit card that was used to pay my monthly subscription fee, and never updated my account with the new card info. So my account was suspended. Enough time passed, and my account was cancelled and I was charged an early termination fee. 

I'm guessing that the ETF was charged to my old, cancelled credit card and thus it was never paid. 

If I pay the ETF, will I be able to use my Xbox 360 again?

If I don't pay the ETF, will I be able to buy an Xbox One and use my same gamertag & XBL account?"
"I would like to edit my xbox live avatar, so, naturally, I clicked the ""edit avatar"" link on the website under Social. It prompted me to open the Games metro app and do it there.

Upon arriving on the Games metro app, I began searching for this button.

I was unsuccessful.

I looked up some forum posts and they listed some very easy instructions.

They didn't work.

Now, I'm at a loss. Any help would be nice.

What I've tried so far was:
entering the games metro app
bringing up the settings ribbon
checking EVERY available option (most of which ended up on Internet explorer)

Thanks!"
I clicked on the Apply button for the XBLA program and it just put a checkmark next to it and let me walk right into the Enforcement beta. It says you can not be in the Enforcment program unless you are an Ambassador. However I can not find anything where it says if i'm an Ambassador or not. Any ideas?
So i signed up, and i got a random gamertag: "DynamicWall4842". I've tried to change the Gamertag on the website, but it says, "An error occured. Please try Again later". I've also tried changing the Gamertag from the Console, but it says "Can't retrieve information from LIVE. Please try Again later". And the "Status Code" is: 80004005.
I keep getting alot of hate and spam about my gamertag i've tried to block communications but they keep telling other players to spam me and I just can't deal with it anymore. I don't think I should have to pay and get spammed by other players Please reply ambassadors. 
On Jan 14th i made a account switch from LIVE USA to LIVE Brazil. but it's seen that something holding me back on LIVE USA, all my dashboard content is still in english, the deal off week promotion always is form the LIVE USA. On xbox.com i see the site content in protuguese  and last month the Games with Gold in LIVE Brazil was Tomb Raider Underworld because Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is not available (witch as the GwG on Live US) but when i went to get it they automaticallychance to the page in english and put a price on the game. I having problem with my payment options too, i can add my credcards on xbox.com with my adress in brazil, but in my dashboard they don't appear too me and when i try to add one a get a error.
 would really love to use my gmail email as my xbox account but cannot. It is my main email and i am stuck using one that i dont use anymore. please make Gmail available to be used just as yahoo hotmail and etc. thankyou!
over 2 years ago i made a 2nd gamertag called Mc Pornmaster and used it online for same games i play today of adult gaming. i do not use it in a sexual term at all nour its meaning of it!as you can tell from 95% of my games are not for younger kids and i play shooting games only now and mindcraft who i dont play with any body else accecp who is on my friends list as i then decided to change my long term gamertag of GonzoDeathOps69 to PornmasterGonzo and i dont understand why the system one minute lets me use and then blocks me after it taking my money of 800msp/£6.79 if thats correct. and you give me a worse of name of fancycub4482006 as i wouldnt ever even give a child that name nour the word fancy! as i would either like my PornmasterGonzo name back or my money back or have the right to rechange it or free to one i can have!
So yesterday I was threatened to be hacked by a modder playing call of duty and he actually hacked my account and modded on that account and I recently accessed it and realized my account "Selfie Pics" was banned? could I possibly get my account unbanned? Because this has all my games on it..
So i was just playing on xbox live and I get a text from him saying hes been hacked you know he was freaking out ( on my phone not xbox related) he said he was playing call of duty modern warfare 3 when a guy in his game lobby invited him too the party and he thought nothing of it so he joined and he said they were talking casually 5-10 minutes in he gets disconnected from xbox live and when he tries too sign in it says he needed too input his password and he did and it didnt work now this is when he messaged me and when I heard the story I remember the time one of my friends had said that it is possible too get people ip addresses and things like that just from being in people parties and I find that completely stupid! but however its the only logical explaination now his father is the one that made the account so I talked too him about it and he is really worried that all of his other emails and passwords will be taken so I tried helping him out by trying too recover the account and sadly enough the phone number on the account is no longer active and the email was from yahoo and was deactived due too being inactive for 12 months so really there is no way for him too get his account back unless any of you helpful people could find a way I have tried the solution where if you  have enough information theyll send you an email but its been 24 hours and I havent recieved one yet so i really dont know what too do I really feel for this because he has worked hard to on his profile and I would hate too see him have too restart all his progress + the chance of these "Hackers" getting the rest of his families passwords and such
When I'm signed in to my account, through windows 8 (8.1, actually) I don't see any avatar at all, nor the option to change it. When it shows up on a game, all I get is a gray avatar... Any help?
The xbox 360 hard drive associated with this account has been stolen.  A lot of people have been in and out of the house, so we don't know who might have taken it.  Is there any way to find out?  We think it was stolen Saturday, April 12 2014, which is the same day that this account shows its last activity.  (BTW, I am not the regular user of the account, I am his uncle, but I maintain his account passwords, billing info, etc.) 
There's not a way for you to be able to see who has it. You would have to file a police report.
Buenas! Tardes. Disculpen las molestias pero necesito saber que puedo hacer si mis creditos de xbox rewards marcan un error cada que solicito un deposito, me dice que los datos de la cuenta microsoft pueden estar mal y que si es asi que los corrija y ya lo hice y mis datos estan correctos pero ese error sigue saliendo y no se que pueda ser. Necesito ayuda por favor.
forums.xbox.com/xbox_forums/xbox_rewards_support/f/29.aspx is the only place to go to for questions and problems about the Rewards program.
My old xbox live account wouldn't let me renew my account, so I created a new live account. It says I'm a free member. I tried upgrading to gold but everytime I do it comes up with an error, Anyone know what's wrong?
That code means you have some sort of billing violation. Go to billing.xbox.com to make sure all of your information is correct and up to date and that there are no errors or balances owed on your account. If you can't fix it there, you'll have to call support to have them help you sort it out.
Hey folks! If you are seeing the above error code (80190864) please contact chat or phone support for more billing help. If you are having a different error code, please create a new thread detailing your issue and we'll help you there. Thanks!
"I bought a pre paid code from amazon to add xbox gold to my live account because I have no Credit card.

But now I wanna play with my friends and my XBox is like ""You're not a Gold member, wanna buy Gold?"" 

But I entered the Code and the xbox web page says I'm Gold member?"
"Go to your Xbox 360 Dashboard > Settings > System > Network Settings > Select Wired/Wireless > Test Connection to Xbox LIVE.

After you've done the above, wait about 10 seconds or so and then try to join a party or a muliplayer game. You're showing as a Gold Member on the website for me as well from taking a look at your Gamertag's profile. Doing the above should fix that issue."
"To activate the Gold membership or any pre paid Xbox Live cards you may have. please be sure to head over to the redeem code page, by:

1. Going to Xbox.com or from here

2. Go to the Top Right corner of the site page.

3. Hover over your name

4. Then you should see the Redeem Code Option near the bottom of the Drop down navigational Menu.

I hope this helps you with your question."
"Okay, so before I say anything about my issue, I want to note that I have re-downloaded my profile and cleared my system cache in an attempt to fix this problem but it didn't.

I have two issues. The first being that when I am using youtube, my friends list doesn't update. It updates once I go to the dashboard. For example, if I had 7 friends online when I start youtube, it will only display that those 7 friends are online even if they get offline or more friends get online. It'll stay that number until I return to the dashboard. I bring this tiny issue up because I think its related to the other error with my friends list.

My friends list will sometimes auto delete someone (extremely rare). I know this because my friends list and the person who was deleted doesn't match. On their friends list, it doesn't show that I am there. On my friends list, it shows that they are there. If I try to remove them, it says process can't be completed. The simple fix to this is just having the other person send you a FR.

I'm posting this thread so I can see if there is a way to prevent this from happening again as it is rather annoying and sometimes unfixable. I removed someone on my Friends list and it hasn't registered that I did with their friends list so I still get notifications when they get online and such."
"I am using youtube, my friends list doesn't update. I`d like to Ask that you submit the problem in ""FULL DETAIL"" in the Xbox Apps Discussion with YouTube Maybe you can ""Look around"" to see if anyone else is experiencing the problems.

My friends list will sometimes auto delete someone (extremely rare). They may have ""Removed You"" from there Friends-List Without your Knowledge. Maybe they Accidentally deleted you without knowing. It`s known to happen. It won't be the first time and i'm sure it won't be the last.

If I try to remove them, it says process can't be completed. You can always Add Or Remove Xbox Live Friends From Here You will then be able to access your friends-list and check out the following."
"So with the new terms of agreement I can't even see the parental email on my account, therefore there is no way I can get to play anymore? This is kind of bad...

All help would be appreciated.

Note: I've tried using all emails I remember of, but I don't remember most of my parents' emails."
Life is like a box of chocolates. A cheap, thoughtless, perfunctory gift that nobody ever asks for. Sure, once in a while there's a peanut butter cup or an English toffee. But they're gone too fast and the taste is... fleeting. So, you end up with nothing but broken bits filled with hardened jelly and teeth-shattering nuts. And if you're desperate enough to eat those, all you got left is an empty box filled with useless brown paper wrappers.
I've lost my danm profile thanks to that error! i deleted my profile to re download it again and now it wont let me download it again cos this comes up! wtf microsoft!
so i logged into my xbl after not using it for about 4 days and i was greeted by a message saying add security please enter your windows live account and password after typing in the correct info i was then greeted with the error this account is not valid blah blah wrong password blah blah try again. so i looked online and did all the suggestions that where given i changed the password,ive tried to redownload my profile but i am met with a error there to, after all this i gave up and tried to create a new account but no it didnt work i was given the same problem.
I'm getting the same problem, how is it that this web page knows me when I sign in, and it doesn't on Xbox?  it seems like I'm getting a different problem every week.
"I am trying to create a child xbox live account.  I created my son a Microsoft account, he now has a gamertag, which is different from his offline profile.  I need to be able to use his offline profile with this new live account.  Signing in to xbox live on the 360 console tells me this e-mail is associated with another live account, which it is not.  This is the new account I created for this profile.  Since he is a minor, I have had the run around trying to get this set up.  I do not feel like wasting the xbox live card and Microsoft money I have yet to use until this is corrected.

Is there any way to convert this offline profile to this new live account?

Is there a number to speak with someone from customer service?

Frustrated..."
"Hey mate, there is no way to merge the new online profile with the local offline profile. If you still want to use the local profile, all you need to do is sign-in to it while connected to the internet. Then where your friends are usually displayed on the dashboard there will be an option to 'Join Xbox Live' or something to that effect.

Select that option and go through the steps, you will have to add a different MS account then the one that is attached to the other gamertag that you created or transfer the email off that gamertag following the steps here: support.xbox.com/.../switch-gamertag-to-different-microsoft-account

Also I might just note that the reason it's saying the email is already associated to email is if you sign-in to xbox.com it will automatically create a gamertag in which case you need to select the 'Download Profile' option from the guide menu, full steps on downloading profiles here: support.xbox.com/.../profile-move-delete "
"I won the prize for XCL Sweepstakes in February and I still haven't received my prize.

I have been in contact with @XboxSupport and Microsoft Live Chat and they said I should contact XCL in the forums. The only reason which I believe why I haven't received my prize is that I have been removed from the Ambassador program but with my remaining SweepStake tickets I put them on this month

If an XCL representative could please reply to this for the reason why I haven't received my prize or if they could send it that would be great!

Thanks for reading and I hope you can get in contact soon."
Because its a new month and the winners have updated
"Level   V
ontopic  tipster  GamerSpotlight  AmbLevelL
Suggested Answer Posted 4 Apr 2014 10:24 AM
Be patient.  They will get to you."
"After having a discussion with an Xbox Live Support person, I was referred to this section of the website and hopefully I can receive help here.

Basically, I have recently been receiving verbal abuse and mocking via xbox live voice chat because of my gamertag ""ConKaka"". I was made aware that a section of my gamertag means poo in Italian and this makes me rather uncomfortable, I don't feel good having this as part of my gamertag.

I understand that I could simply change my gamertag but I don't have they money to do that as I already spend £5.99 a month of my xbox live subscription. Hopefully I can be given a forced gamertag change so ease my concerns or I fear it may hinder my enjoyment on what is a great platform.

Hopefully someone reads this and can help me with my problem, I appreciate your time, thank you."
i am sorry but you can't just get a free change because you don't like your name,if xbox gave you a free change they will just  have to vive everyeone a free change
The enforcement team are the only ones who can issue a forced name change. You would have to have someone file a complaint on you in order for them to investigate. It would be up to them as to whether or not your name violates the terms and conditions and if you would get a forced name change.
"Well you can safely rest assured. I have just spent the last 10 minutes dissecting your gamertag into several different variations, using an English - Italian translator. Not once did I find the word that you are referring to pop up so you can continue to enjoy the service without worrying about that :)

 

Forced Gamertag changes are only handed down by the Enforcement Team and they are the only ones who determine what is (and is not) acceptable. Unfortunately, no one here can help you with your request. Sorry."
"Can you reset my Xbox Achievements?

Games like Gears of War and Gears of War 2 are glitchy and have unlock all achievements in a unlegit way. I got my Xbox Account full privacy settings set up to me only so nobody sees my Xbox Achievements and can File Complaints me. The last thing I want to see is I got a BAN and my Xbox Achievements reset.

I thought I'd call Xbox UK today but they gave me the only thing they can and it is me asking the Xbox LIVE Inforcement Team on the Xbox Forums to try support me and reset my Xbox Achievements. Hopefully someone can.

Can you reset my Xbox Achievements?

Games like Gears of War and Gears of War 2 are glitchy and have unlock all achievements in a unlegit way. I got my Xbox Account full privacy settings set up to me only so nobody sees my Xbox Achievements and can File Complaints me. The last thing I want to see is I got a BAN and my Xbox Achievements reset.

I thought I'd call Xbox UK today but they gave me the only thing they can and it is me asking the Xbox LIVE Inforcement Team on the Xbox Forums to try support me and reset my Xbox Achievements. Hopefully someone can.

"
"I`m sorry. You will not be able to Undo Or reset your Xbox Achievements. You will have to create a new Xbox Live Account to gain the Achievements again.

Nobody here will be able to help you with this. I`m sorry. I`d like to note that you should discuses this in 09 - Xbox 360 Account Suspensions & Console Bans  they deal with Inquiries about account suspensions, forced Gamertag changes, console bans, and other enforcement actions."
"I have to add, that since the achievements were unlocked in a unlegitimate way, the gamerscore for the account will likely be reset in the future.

Which means all unlocked achievements for all games on that account will be reset to 0. You won't be able to get earn achievements again with the account."
my Chromebook will not render black at all and now everything is showing up in grey 
Hi guys! No change for me either. I updated both, flash player and the browser but the error still appears. Best of luck!
Fixed the problem today by updating my browser (chrome)
April 9th. Still a problem. Just trying to watch GoT premiere here. Please Google fix this problem!
Upgraded Flashplayer from 12 to 13. Did not help at all.
Hey everyone, update your Flash Player! This did the trick for me! Not sure why Chrome isn't taking care of that update automatically or promoting us to update.
It's April 6th helenjoe, but same problem, you are right. I recommend everyone to use IE 11 or watch the videos in http://, until the problem is solved. It will work, like a charm ;) Best of luck!
Having to load videos five or six times before they play. I finally gave up and went to DailyMotion. No problems there.
You've ruined Youtube with your ineptitude, and have proven time and time again you can only make things worse. Prove me wrong this time, won't you?
Yelling will obviously make Google help her faster. Who knows, though. It might be someone from 1938 like indicated in the post, and she might not know how to zoom in on pages so she can read the text.
No need to yell
"I'm sure you've hear this already but if not then hope it helps. Running Windows 7 Google Chrome hardware accelerator option turned off to watch vines. A total blackout/unresponsiveness of the screen always appears for advertisement videos. However, the popups only cause a horizontal region (%50) become black and unresponsive to mouse clicks. Hope its not isolated to my particular software versions/updates or hardware that I'm using. 
"
YOU MAY BE AWARE OF THE ISSUE BUT SO FAR NOTHING HAS BEEN DONE..I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO WATCH SOME POST ON FACEBOOK THAT SEVERAL HAVE SENT AND I CANNOT SEE THEM..IF THEY DO START TO PLAY , AFTER THREE OR FOUR SECONDS THEY STOP..THIS HAS BEEN HAPPENING FOR SEVERAL DAYS OW AND IT IS MOST ANNOYING..I DO REALIZE IT TAKES TIME BUT I'M ALMOST TO THE POINT OF TRYING TO FIND ANOTHER OUTLET TO PLAY THE POSTS..PLEASE KEEP ME INFORMED AS TO WHEN THE PROBLEM MAY BE RESOLVED AND PLEASE DON'T THINK BECAUSE I AM USING ALL UPPER CASE LETTERS THAT I AM SHOUTING BECAUSE I'M NOT.IT'S JUST MUCH EASIER FOR ME TO TYPE LIKE THIS.. Thank you
iam very sorry and appologize all your organization for making trouble. becase i am not concentrate and comfused formy problem i want only can watch and upload video pictures and TEXT NOTTEST move music
"For me personally its been this way for months now, with no solution in sight. It feels like EA have taken over tbh, dire really.
 "
I would like to know if there are companies that you accept to use as video markerers so it dose not violate there term of use. This is not a paying for views. A company that will help you get your video in fron of people that are searching for your content. Are there marketing companies that work with youtube? Thanks in advanced. I look forward to hearing from someone soon.
Black screen was driving me mad. Your 'fix' seems to work fine for me. Many thanks.
Youtube compression has always compressed the heck out of videos making them look bad compared to actual HD blu-ray content. When people use the wrong way to encode videos, Youtube can sometimes mess the videos up more than usual.
"Because YT is going to the WebM standard, thus will be doing away with Flash at some point in the future, from what I understand. If  this is so, I do not like it.  YT seems to be doing something with what is supposed to be HD 720 or 1080, but it at times it looks to be a less detailed, smoothed-blurrier version of HD.  Is this so?   Anyone here to confirm this? 
"
I was able to fix mine. I used ToastyX advice on his forum and it works.Here is link just read and download the codec and disable the 2 things and it works perfect..
Getting black screen on most videos I try to watch, but the audio plays. Was working fine yesterday. Nothing changed on my system that I'm aware of.
Hello, I'm having playback issues in Chrome. Page loads and video partially buffers but does not/ will not begin playing. Please advise, thanks!
It's been more than a month since this post/problem has been in persistence. Will Chrome team ever come up with any fix to watch YouTube videos on the phone?
i was thinking the same thing...a month later and still no fix. i had the issue in internet explorer. but i disabled the hardware acceleration and it fixed the issue there, but the same options can not be done/set in chrome.
I have black screen issues still!You guys been fixing this for a month niow..
I never have a problem with this site, now it freezes or never comes on or just stays black.. i go to mediacaf and have no prob..
My problem was SSL related too. A few months ago news spread that RC4 was to be considered cracked, so I manually disabled any suites that contained RC4. Turns out the SSL settings on youtube servers require at least rsa_rc4_128_sha . I guess they didn't remove their RC4 profiles to enable older browsers that don't have an alternative to still be able to watch videos. But pls at least add suites for more security aware users. At least for me without RC4 it doesn't work at all.
I am also not getting any video
I'm on a smart phone model: LGL75C running android version: 2.3.4. The YouTube app will open, but all the videos are black no matter what I do. YouTube videos are also black in my browser. How do I fix thiis?
I have the same problem with youtube videos. I think it's the ssl problem, that google chrome had a while ago, if I check 'Do not scan SSL protocol' from my internet security suite(ESS 7) everything is ok.
Youtube videos will not load regardless of browser for me. This can vary: sometimes it might only load on internet explorer, other times one video on chrome will load and then no others, sometimes firefox, or sometimes none altogether. All other video sites work fine. Got the latest Chrome version and all.
ok, clearing the cookies and past four weeks worked. Never had this come up before however...Google must have done something weird.
I can confirm that Sgt. Sausage's solution worked for me.
Sgt.Sausage's solution worked for me too. However, I didn't need to clear ALL browsing data, just the data from YouTube as outlined in the second step. Good luck everybody!
Same. Completely black screen, incognito, other browsers, and flash elements work.
Same, except YouTube hasn't been working in Safari on my iPhone 4 since yesterday. The night before it was working fine. Now every video I click it just shows a blank black screen with no loading of any kind.
Having the same problem here. Videos work in incognito mode and perfectly fine in FireFox and IE - Chrome just doesn't want to play them and they worked perfectly normal last night.
Suddenly working again!
got the same problem. worked yersterday, and today blackscreen all over the place in youtube.. other browers worked fine. everything up2date. sad ;(
Got black screen on normal chrome (just happened today). But works in incognito mode and facebook (inline)
guys I had this problem! Before I can't play any single videos online,not just in YT. Then I found out the culprit, SHOPPER PRO!! that app you should uninstall it... and remove jsdriver.exe on task manager! that's it!
I watch videos that people have posted from youtube on theit wall. And they work fine. But when I click to watch it from youtube, it shows black screen but the sounf is there ( not all videos are black screened - I wonder why?)
Same problem here... you tube videos show an empty black screen. But they do work fine in incognito mode?
i was worried i was the only one. reinstalled chrome, updated flash, restarted my computer, nothing worked.
I have started having exactly the same problem. I have not changed anything but YT has stopped working.
Worked fine yesterday, but I too now get the black screen on the youtube player. Work fine in IE and works fine in a Chrome Incognito window/tab.
I'm also having this issue. Everything is up to date and the videos work fine for me in FireFox, but most videos don't load with Chrome.
Tested out going to incognito mode and there is the same video, playing just fine.
Flash plays fine in Incognito Mode.
Videos work in incognito mode. Why is this?
I would be willing to bet it's more on the retailer than Danner
Please read again. I forgot to add that when Danner finally found my order, it showed they were ordered and paid for on Sept 9 and the boots were shipped directly from Danner.
Finally after 22 days I got the boots. Luckily they for great. Will suggest that if you order from Danner, make sure you do not need them soon
Has any body seen any around smithwick?
How and the hell do you keep calm doing this everyday??! This is insane I45 in
Gotta get up extra early to beat it. I get to the office at 6 AM for that exact reason. I couldnt sit in that every day.
Rod Ryan show or Walton and Johnson
wivel limb vs Woodsey to gonna get one of the two but want info on whice one you use or like
Not sure about the woodsey but the swivel limb is pretty uncomfortable and I'm not a big guy.
I've used the Woodsey Too at KJO a few times. They are pretty comfortable. Never used the other one
This has been truly bothering me and i definitely need to get to know whats up with these. I definitely feel as if something is WRONG. I need help on this one replicas or fakes?
They're both fake sorry
Yea u got played hard
Obviously there's not much to go on based on the picture, but was wondering if you think they're legit or not?
You're good
well it shows sign of durable quality so you are straight. it would weird for it to be to soft.
Bought a pair of gamma 11 need to make sure they are real
After looking over your several close detailed pictures i gotta say these must be 100% authentic 23 is correct that carbon fiber us perfect, Yup no worries
Looks legit jumpman and pl and carbon fiber is good
once a month gold card members receive a discount on their total purchase. This should be advertised to entice new members
This is a great idea. I am a frequent customer
Yes!!! We worked our way to gold by being loyal
Would this be different from the special offers you get with having a registered account? I get discounts on my account quite frequently. The latest were a 50% off food and a dollar off a crafted beverage
This is a great idea! I'm a gold card member and sometimes I don't always get the promotions that my mom gets. I think a once a month special for gold card members would be awesome!
I hope this vote really counts ! Loyal customers need benefits
I would definitely make it a point to stop by Starbucks more often if there were more Gold card incentives. Right now, there are very few
On certain days you have double or tripple points days like how Nordstrom does with their card holders
The idea of rewarding bonus stars during off peak hours is great. More reason to go
Love this. Give each person a special day for extra points, like birthdays or holiday's.
Beside getting a free drink on your birthday and also after every 12 stars, gold card holder should get a reward for being a gold card holder by getting a free drink on there gold day anniversary
This is actually a great idea!
love the espresso but just today I got two farapucchino and they sucked! so bitter! I think I go with my coffee and no frapocchino
As long as the price remains the same for a while, another free drink on gold anniv, great idea!
This is a good idea. Afterall we spend alot to be in Gold. Or can be a dollar for the drink of choice as a reward reaching another year of gold
I like this idea I spend quite a bit at Starbucks it is nice to get those extra perks to show they appreciate customers
Great idea, this will cause coffee loves to continue to purchase coffee. I sure would!!!
Bring back free syrup with gold card
They aren't going to bring it back. They said it was part of a sacrifice so we could have faster rewards and free food
I wish free drink that I have earned do not expire.
Not even a month! Sometimes by the time I see it in my e-mail, or my android ap, it's already expired because it is only for a day or 2!
Sorry stealth, pay more attention. Expires more than a month from when we earn it.
They should not expire. You earned it you should be able to decide when to use it.
If the rewards must expire, maybe give us a little more time on the expiration date
Offer almond milk as a dairy alternative
read any of the 100's of other posts to find out why they don't have it - that's what the pop-up is there for
Use a separate machine for steaming almond milk! It's a needed addition
That doesn't help air contamination
People allergic to soy and lactose have no alternative at starbucks. Rice or almond milk is a necessity.
Yes!! Please add almond milk as an option besides soy milk. It's a lot healthier with less harm done to the body, especially for women!
Or coconut milk!!
Hi, maybe someone can solve this issue. But if I make a downgrade to ios 6 netflix can mirroring my movies and series? Netflix support told me that the problem is from apple not them. Thanks to all. Regards
You can not downgrade iOS
Do we get paid to recycle our cracked electronics?
http://www.apple.com/recycling/gift-card/
"Had iPad 2 for about 2/3 years I think.
 
How long will it last, I know this is a piece of string question, maybe folks could let me know if they are on their second iPad mini or otherwise"
I've had my ipad 2 for 3 years, still working fine.
Can I type letters and print them on my apple air?
Type letters meaning like writing a letter in a word processing app of some type? Yes you can do that if you have an App like Pages or Smart Office (many the others also available) and if you have an AirPrinter compatible printer or a third party printing app.
It won't let me sign in to look at recent purchases
"Try signing into this website:
 
https://reportaproblem.apple.com/
 
It will show you your purchases for the last 90 days"
Cannot find photos taken with iPad Air
"Where are you looking to find them?
 
On the iPad there are in the Camera Roll Album inside the Photos App.
 
If you are transferring them to a PC they should be in a folder called DCIM."
The pictures I take disappear and do not go to my photo app.  I can find them anywhere. 
"Are you using the default Photos App?  Or a different App from the App Store?
 
Unless restricted, all Photos should end up in the Photos App.
 
Settings->General->Restrictions->Privacy->Photos"
Using default photos app. Setting->General->Restrictions-> off
How do I Bluetooth my iPhone to iPad2
"You don't.
iOS devices can not transfer data between each other over bluetooth.
They connect to speakers, headsets, keyboards.
 
What are you trying to do?"
You don't. See here for Bluetooth connections: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht3647
How do I delete the "Australian Holidays" calendar that appeared in the "other" section of my calendars list?
You can't delerte it, but you can uncheck it so that it will not display.
Thanks James. I have discovered that. Frustratingly I seem to need to uncheck it every time.
One fifth of the screen on my iPad mini is blacked out?? any one come across that??
"Have you tried a reset?
 
Reset the iPad by holding down on the sleep and home buttons at the same time for about 10-15 seconds until the Apple Logo appears - ignore the red slider if it appears on the screen - let go of the buttons. Let the iPad start up."
"How do I set up a second printer on my IPAD
 
HOW DO I USE IPAD AIR.
 
How do I print to cute PDF writer."
"Hi irene1942!
 
Here is an article that will help you utilize AirPrint on your iPad air:
 
AirPrint Basics
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4356
 
Thanks for coming to the Apple Support Communities!
 
Cheers,
Braden"
How do I delete all email entrys from the i-pad.  Version 7.04
Except in the Trash folder, there is no way to delete emails en mass, if that is what you mean. You could, I suppose, delete the account, but that could be problematic if there are emails you want to keep, or depending on how your account is set up on the providers server, and the account type (POP or IMAP), they could show up again.
My iTunes won't load on my iPad! I have tried restarting, checking the settings, etc. it starts to load and then doesn't
"Do you mean the iTunes Store app?
Try launching it from within the Music app.
Quit the iTuynes Store app (Double tap the Home button and swipe the app preview page up)
Open the Music app and click Store on the top right"
Sorry, tried that too and it still didn't open. Thanks for answering though!
"Quit all apps: Double tap the Home button and swipe the app preview page up for each open app
then
Reset: Hold the Sleep/Wake and Home buttons and don’t let go until the screen goes dark and the Apple logo appears (no data will be lost)"
Hello! I have an iPad 4 (retina display) my dad bought this in Dubai for my bday present but I am so sad because it doesn't have FaceTime! Please help me have FaceTime! And it isn't at the restriction area either! I know it's blocked in UAE but is there a way I can get it back?
There is no way to have FaceTime on an iDevice if it is initially from a region were FaceTime is banned.
"No,
Devices sold in banned countries can never have facetime, it can not be installed no matter its future location."
Nooooo there must be a way!
That's impossible!
"Regardless of what you wish to believe, there is no way to activate Facetime on any iOS device officially sold in the UAE. Asking multiple times won't change that fact.
 
Regards."
Very possible and is reality, sorry
I can no longer receive iMessages or FaceTime on my ipad because it will not accept my cell phone number now. The account is in my husbands name and now only has his number in it. Things used to work beautifully... Any idea what I can do please?
"Hey Jon0178!
 
Here is an article that can help you link your phone number to your Apple ID for use in iMessage again:
 
iOS and OS X: Link your phone number and Apple ID for use with FaceTime and iMessage
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht5538
 
Take care, and thanks for visiting the Apple Support Communities.
 
Cheers,
Braden"
"I'm having problems setting up a 3rd party email in the iPads built in mail app, I've got a iPhone which the account works fine on, I copied the exact settings from the iPhone to the iPad but nothing is working. I know the password and username are correct because I can log in through my phone and through the webmail, has anyone got any ideas on what could be wrong?
Thanks very much,
Adam"
"Find the full article here:
iOS: Adding an email account
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4810
 
Thank you for using Apple Support Communities.
 
Best,
Sheila M."
I'm not able to add an event to my calendar.  I type in all the info...tap done...but nothing is added.
"in the bottom middle of your calendar app, do you see the word 'calendars'?
if so, tap on that and choose to see your iPad's calendar. What's happened to me is that I'll have an imported calendar visible, the iPad calendar not visible, add an event and it's going onto the invisible calendar."
We have two ipads and one ipad mini.  None of them will pick up our wifi today. I have tried turning off, other laptops including mac air works, why is this happening and how can I fix it?
Try restarting your WiFi router by removing power to it for 30 seconds.
No that didnt work,
If you have three iPads which won't connect to your WiFi router anymore then something has gone wrong with your router. It might be time for a replacement.
The router is working perfectly as my Toshiba laptop and macbook air are both able to pick up the wifi
Thanks for the suggestions I got on to Apple and they suggested unplugging router and that seems to have help, hopefully not a temporary solution!!
Ever since they changed whoever makes them they are now less sturdy.
"They're free

You don't have to use them (except for the flat rate

You'd complain if you were hung with a new rope
"
"I'm not sure that this is a new thing. I've gotten (and used) PM boxes that were appallingly badly cut, like the machine was drunk on the job, or something.

 

I wouldn't be surprised if USPS uses a variety of contractors, and that not all are of equa quality/competence.
"
Know what you mean.  I got something shipped to me in one this past weekend.
"Delivery Confirmation is now called ""Tracking""

BUT seems to still be Delivery Confirmation

Copy & Paste from USPS site >>

If you shipped with Express Mail®, you’ll get point-by-point tracking details. If you used another service—USPS Tracking™, Certified Mail™, Registered Mail™ —you’ll see when it went out for delivery"
"nibs I've started doing that now with all of them pretty much

But the regs do state a FR box the flaps must meet to qualify......

Thal - agreed, I think their die cutters are out of whack or something. "
whatever dude. 
"The boxes are made by Orange County Container Group.  They make all kinds of cardboard supplies, including the thin, cheap promo shelves that you see at grocery stores.

 

Sometimes you just get a bad run of boxes.  It happens.  I've received new inventory in shipping boxes that were just horrible.
"
"I agree, some are coming in almost unusable.  Use to be they were top quality, now the postage keeps going up and the supplies are getting worse. 

 

The supplies are not free, the cost is built into the postage you put on them, they also provide advertising for USPS services and touted as a competitive edge for you to use USPS.
"
Exactly why I put 'free' in quotes lol (a fact that seemed to escape one poster = ) 
"Ever since they changed whoever makes them they are now less sturdy


They are made to the USPS specifications....


In over 10 years the specs get thinner and thinner, however with new corrugations used they can be just as strong.

If you all had some of the original of each you could really see the differance in the ones made now.
"
"
I do and I can. I have an idea that the later ones (I use the #04s a lot) are an ounce or two lighter than the older ones, too.

I glue the flaps on my boxes (just a couple squirts of Elmer's Glue-All white glue) in addition to taping. It makes the ends as solid as the sides, resulting in a cube that's all but uncrushable. So far so good...
."
"Sold item on Sun, shipped via USPS Priority on Tues. 11/12/13 from NJ to NY (PO closed Mon. due to VA day).  Estimated arrival date: Thurs. 11/14.  Was held up in NH for 2 days.   PO finally appeared to have attempted delivery on Fri 11/15, tracking shows ""Note Left"".    This was shipped without signature confirmation, so I'm no clear on ""Note left"".   As of  today Sat. 11/16,  tracking still shows as undelivered / note left / In Transit.

 

This is maddening as the package was shipped from NJ to NY,  a neighboring state!  Another pkg went out at the very same time also priority, NJ  to CA and it got there on Thurs.  How does it take 4+ days (and still in limbo) for the PO to try to get a pkg from NJ to Brooklyn?

 

I have not yet heard from the buyer but I'm very concerned and frustrated.  I'm wondering if I should contact the buyer?  Any advice is appreciated, thanks.
"
Those packages went to 2 different locations.  The one to Cal. went to a facility near an airport.    Yes, do email the buyer and tell them to go pick up the package.  Let them know that if the package is returned to you, they have to repay the shipping back to them.   See if you can call the post office on Monday and tell them to NOT RETURN THE PACKAGE TO YOU YET.    Google the zipcode and call them up.
"wouldn't do anything

except stop checking (Babysitting) the DC's

 

There is no problem until the Buyer contacts you that there is a problem

WHY go looking for trouble?
"
"Notice Left"" means the package is being held at the PO for the buyer to pick up.  It probably was too large to fit into the buyer's mailbox with other mail, that's all.  

 

Do not contact the buyer.  However, if you wish, go to the usps.com T&C screen and request current and future status via e-mail using the buyer's name and e-mail address.  The buyer will get an e-mail that should get his/her attention in case the paper notice was overlooked amid the junk mail.  You can put in a request in your name, too.

 

It is also possible that the buyer has already picked up the package but that the PO clerk did not bother to scan ""delivered.""  That happens all the time.  The status inquiry generally nudges USPS to update the status within the system because a real person has to clear an exception report.

 

If for any reason the buyer fails to pick up the package after 15 days, it will be returned to you.  

 

~~C~~
"
"I wanted to share this with you---

August 18, 2013: Package Mailed
August 22, 2013: Notice left. The tracking information remained this way for 18 days. The customer received the package at some point.

These things do happen... "
"""request current and future status via e-mail using the buyer's name and e-mail address.""  

 

Is it legal or ethical for me to  request status by entering his name and email address without his knowledge?
"
"Sure it is.  But if you prefer, enter your name and the buyer's e-mail address.  Either way, the buyer gets an e-mail.  It can come from your cat for that matter.

 

~~C~~
"
Thanks all for your time and  advice.  I entered my email for status updates.    I will sit tight for now and hope it turns out well.   I'm very hesitant to use USPS again  for "expedited" shipping..especially considering the higher cost to the buyer.
That's great to know and a relief knowing the buyer will get the updates as well. thanks!  Boy, do I have alot to learn.  So grateful for everyone sharing their knowledge and experience.
"To clarify, the buyer will get an e-mail ONLY if you enter his/her e-mail address.  The sender's name does not matter.  It's fine if you are also getting updates to your e-mail address but that does not alert the buyer.

 

~~C~~
"
"Hi, thanks Duchess. Yes, I realized that after I posted my reply and re-read your instructions. I did go back and enter buyer's email address.

FYI: Worked like a charm! Exactly as you predicted. Thanks again! "
Thanks for sharing. Just concerned about buyers holding sellers responsible for delays caused by the carrier. 
"I typically print the ebay USPS label and receipt on a single page. The receipt portion prints fine; however only a third to half of the actual label prints. There is some 'garbage' that prints in the label are- it appears to be coding of some sort. This problem began this week, and has been consistent when printing all ebay shipping labels. There is no problem when printing any other document.

 

Is anyone familiar with this, and have any thoughts as what can be done to resolve this?

 

Thanks!
"
"Does this also happen when you try to reprint the label?

 

Does the label look correct in the preview?

 

What OS, Browser, and Printer are you using?
"
Yes, it happens both with the original print request and reprints. The label looks perfect in the preview. And I use the Firefox browser, Windows 7, and an HP Laser Jet 4 printer.
Perhaps you need a new Adobe Acrobat plugin? Try to go to your Plug-Ins page in FF to see if its complaining that that plug-in is broken or otherwise requires update?
Checked this, and there appears to be no issue, and I have the current version
To narrow this down, you have to see where it goes wrong.  Try reprinting a label to PDF, then open the file and see if the label looks correct.  If it does, now print the PDF to your printer.  Is it still OK?
"Good idea.

 

It 'printed' to the PDF fine. Then I sent that PDF to the printer, and same result- bad label.
"
"So when you opened the PDF file it look just like it should, but printed the same mess. 

 

What app did you use to create the PDF, and what app did you use to print it?

 

You next need to open it with a different PDF reader and print using that reader as well.
"
"I used PageManager PDF Writer first, and then Microssoft XPS Document Writer with the same result.

 

In a little bit, I'll check the printer driver..... but given it's just been with the ebay labels, I don't expect much from this.
"
"Of course when reprinting you may just be using an already corrupt source to test with.  However, printing to PDF should have revealed this, since it did not, and the preview looked ok, something else is off. 

 

HP printers in the past have had strange problems, especially with eBay/PayPal and the HP Smart Print features. So first I would turn off HP Smart Print, if it is an option on your printer setup.  You might check for a HP driver update.

 

Do you have another printer, or a friend you could email the PDF to for them to try?
"
"I've checked the drivers, and fine.

 

Mine is an older printer, and not Smart Print.

 

I tried printing a Word document I printed earlier in the day (fine then), but it now experiences the same issues as the PDF printing for the last several days.

 

And just now attempted printing some google directions- and I'm having the issue here too. Which seems odd, as I printed some directions just several hours ago.

 

It looks like the issue is beyond just the ebay label/PDF issue since it's occurring with everything now. So I should look elsewhere. 

 

I do appreciate your efforts and time you spent trying to help- it was very kind of you.

 

Thanks!

 
"
At least now you know the problem is local to you, and likely a printer issue.  If you have another port available, I would swap the printer to that and also try running the Windows test output from the printer properties in the Control Panel.
Thanks to all for your assistance with this. The issue turned out to be local..... bad cable.
"
I a, using Windows 7 and recently switched internet carriers and ever since my shipping label from Ebay and PayPal are only printing the part the seller saves not the postage.  I have had to go to PO to mail them and in the meantime PayPal has deducted payment for each time I tried unsuccessfully to print them which means Ihave to wait 15 days to get the money back from USPS.  There must have been some change that is causing this as my printer can print everything else fine."
"This is unlikely a problem with your carrier. 

 

Did you see the correct looking label in the print preview window?

 

Are you sure no popup blocker is the problem?

 

Is your W7, Browser, Java, and Adobe all up to date?

 

What Browser are you using?  You might want to try a different one.
"
"I just did a ratings report and started to wonder this.

 

You agree to the price you see when you buy or bid so why is that rating neccessary to determine if a seller is competent or good? 

 
"
"Delivery Confirmation is now called ""Tracking""

BUT seems to still be Delivery Confirmation

Copy & Paste from USPS site >>

If you shipped with Express Mail®, you’ll get point-by-point tracking details. If you used another service—USPS Tracking™, Certified Mail™, Registered Mail™ —you’ll see when it went out for delivery. "
"I spot checked 5 of your sales and they all look to have $1.99 for shipping

and they all seem to start at .99

 

Start them at $2.99 with FREE shipping and get the auto 5 stars

 

Are you currently shipping as a parcel for $1.69 or ""gouging"" Buyers by charging $1.99 but sending in a regular envelope with a stamp or 2?
"
No i ship everything with tracking
Guess I just wondered why it was a neccessity to be able to rate sellers on costs, not that I'm exactly having a problem.
"So $1.99 less $1.69 = .30

 

They are dinging your stars for 30 Cents?

 

Switch to the FREE shipping

 

Then when people purchase several of your items at once

they are not hitting you for a discount on shipping

You make extra money with the $1.99 already built in
"
I thought you asked because they were dinging your stars
"

Yeah I can try it out my next batch. I really should be charging something like 2.56 for packaging materials, ink, and gas but you know how it goes
…"
"In the past weeks I've been trying out auctions as an experiment. I used to mostly only do BINs with free shipping.

 

 

I got a 3 in the costs by 1 guy just recently. I should be fine to recover as far as that goes but I'm going to try free shipping next round. I was just wondering if its necessary to be able to rate sellers on that
"
I get the point . when you know up front what the price is but you can still be downgraded. You wondered why the customer even buys the item if the price is not good for them . But there is a certain type out there that buys knowing they will mark you down. One time I read in the boards of someone doing just that . Buying knowing they would be marking the seller down. they posted what they were doing for feedback ,     But I know you wonder why ebay has it there at all . Don't like the price don't buy thats what I think No stars invovled.
"

TROY...

 

A buyer may be willing to pay the S&H charge listed---because if he wants the item--he has no other choice.  But--he may feel the S&H is unfair and unreasonalble.  And he is allowed to say so.

 

Ebay does not want buyers to be unhappy about the S&H that is being charged by on Ebay, by some sellers.  And these ratings are a way of discouraging sellers from trying to make an extra profit on by overcharging. on their S&H
.."
My iPad is locked after latest update. How do I unlock it - it has never had a password!
recovery mode open itunes on computer plug cable into computer not iOS device  turn device off hold home button and plug cable into IOS device.  do not release home button until an itunes graphic appears on IOS device. look to computer should have message about recovery mode click ok and restorelook to computer should have message about recovery mode click ok and restore
My iPad just freezes up. I can't even get it of the unlock screen.
Hold the Sleep and Home button down until you see the Apple logo.
I have done that many times. It comes up but then I can't get past the unlock screen. I've reset the settings from iTunes, it is on the most current update, and it is still not working.
Connect to iTune (computer) and do a Restore.
Doing it now. I have done this 3x before and it will let me use it for a while and then if I have to go do something and put it down, the lock screen comes on and then I can't open it again. Unless of course I got through these steps. This iPad is only 2 years old and the only time I use it is for reading.
Do not restore from backup unless iPad is working properly.
Ok. I'll do a new start up.
Still unable to get past the lock screen
You may have a hardware problem.
I think you're right. Thank you for responding. I appreciate it.
You are most welcome
My 1-year-old just discovered a way to bypass the iPad lock screen...
As a user just like you, what would you like us to do about it?
Might be mistaken actually....
I have an Imac, How can I sync mail and calendar between the two?
On the iPad Go to setting-Mail, Contacts, calendar-add account You have to sign in to your iCloud account on both iPad and iMac.   Also add your email accounts.   Turn the switches on (green) for mail, contacts and calendar.
facebook will not stay signed in on my ipad
Ok, - have you updated to the lastest FB?  IF you have an still have problems, then you will need to contact the FB developer or look at their support site or review.Not an issue with your ipad or apple but the app itself.
I was trying to sync my notes and turned on iCloud and lost most of my recent notes including a paper I was writing. Where is it?
This happened to me to. Try restoring from your latest iCloud backup, however, this'll only work if you have an iCloud account as you need one to back up notes. I apologise i can't be anymore detailed,as i dont have an iCloud acocunt myself.
I tried downloading & installing the latest firmware. The firmware would not install. There was an error message but I did not write it down. I decided to perform a restore also because some apps. had been crashing & the iPad had been rebooting. During the restore process, the progress bar on the iPad gets about 50% complete and then stops. I have tried three times with no success. I would appreciate any help.
I would start here:
thanks for the help.
Thanks for the links,BUT I still can NOT restore my iPad at ALL!So any other links/advices are welcome.See that this is not an uncommon problem (fixes available on youtube, but they involve jailbreak software) so I rellay hope the forum here can help.
If your iPad is jailbroken & if you have the Wifi Sync app. installed, you must uninstall the Wifi Sync app. on your PC and then restore.
Just to add my two cents, I followed a lot of discussions' advice attempting to fix my iPad after a failed upgrade and several failed restore attempts. My iPad is not jailbroken but my iPhone is, and I did have Wi-Fi Sync installed.After uninstalling Wi-Fi Sync, I was able to get past the 95% point in the restore. After the successful restore, I selected the last good backup (made right before I tried to upgrade). That seemed to hang with the iPad on about 50% progress bar and the beach ball in iTunes. Apple's FAQs say this shouldn't happen longer than 10 minutes, but after half an hour it was still there. I decided to leave it for the night, and when I came back to it in the morning it was working just fine. When I went to their site to download the uninstaller, I saw this clear as day on the download page: "Please do not attempt to restore your device while Wi-Fi Sync is installed; uninstall first, restore, then reinstall. If you update iTunes, you must reboot (on Mac) or reinstall Wi-Fi Sync (on Windows)."
OMG you just saved my life. Thank you X 1M.
how can i get this uninstaller?
I got a new iPad air (yay!) and am sending my old iPad to a friend in Togo, Africa. Will he be able to use iTunes to buy apps for it? Can I send him an iTunes gift card? I see what I can buy here is good for US users only.
Check what you can buy in Africa.
He can use his credit card to purchase stuff from the App Store.
My face time  is not working ?
Using FaceTime
Trouble-shooting FaceTime
My Face Time will not accept my password
You did not answer why I cannot get on to FaceTime
Before the upgrade to iOS 7 I could use any picture as a background and resize it to fit my screen.  Now i can not resize any picture so if I set it as a background.  It gets too big for the screen.  Is there something I am missing?  My son has the same problem on his iPhone.
Two other people currently have this question. Look for their posts for some ideas to get your background to work. Don't worry if you missed something, a lot of people are having the same problem.
for no reason, has happened 3 times now, is this a known issue with iOS 7.0.3?
Try reset iPad
Force close all apps in multi-task window.
Same issue, I'm up to a dozen or so now in the last two days.  Appears to happen when task switching.  I'm running 7.0.4.Not sure if it is app-specific.  I'm at a conference and switching between tweet bot, Evernote, and mail.  Seems like it happens when swtich from Evernote, but not sure it's always the case.Doesn't always happen while on the task switching screen.
I'm temporarily having problem with internet connection on my desktop computer and want to upload these pics to Craig's list. Thanks
Tap the arrow icon in upper right when viewing photo in the email.  Choose "Save Image".
I can't believe I never saw that. I had clicked in the arrow I don't know how many times and all I saw was the reply options.  Thank you!
You're welcome!
Lately I've been having issues with sound.  For instance when I connect to the charger, usually,I hear  a sound (tritone), or when i play apps that has music I usually hear it. For some reason, the music/sound goes in and out.  Itunes works fine and I get audio on Netflicks, etc. It's annoying.  Any thoughts?
Make sure iPad is not muted (tap the little bell)
"I just went out and bought my deluxe edition Wii U at midnight.
I came home and set it up completely and followed all the instructions to a t. Yet I still can not get the system to output to the television.
First I tried the HDMI cable. I tried the cable that came in the box in all four ports in my TV (that were double checked to work with a different system), and then tried it with a different tv. I nexted tried a different HDMI cable to make sure the cable wasn't faulty.
Next step I tried with the old av cables from my wii. This didn't work either.
(I did try using the game pad and it turns on just find and with pushing the sync button it asks me to enter the symbols in order however I still get no signal on the tv)
I can not believe that a brand new system right out of the box would be faulty but i really can not think of anything else to try. Please tell me I am missing something simple.
Any help would be appreciated... I just want to play my new Wii U"
Same problem here.
Same problem here, straight out of the box. Doesn't work with HDMI or component cables.
"Same problem as well. a bit of extra info: the power light on the console blinks on and off blue. i imagine its suppossed to stay on blue the whole time.
 
we've tried multiple hdmi cables in multiple hdmi slots on multiple tv's. yes, we are positive we were on the right input channel. we also tried our old wii's analog input and nothing showed up either. i hope techies moderate these forums at this time of night :/"
Same problem also.  No output to my TV (i tried HDMI and Component).  My power LED is also flashing blue.
I'm having the exact same problem. It worked until now.
I have the very same issue.  Pretty Frustratedwith my $350.00 shelf decoration so far.
"Having exact same issue. Tried different HDMI ports and TVs. Everything else runs fine on the same setup.
Mine is the Basic System. very frustrating"
so i called the customer support an hour ago or so and we went through the usual "is everything plugged in right?" after the guy ran out of ideas for that i reminded him of the blinking light part ( he seemed to be more focused on problems with the hdmi cable or something) and he didnt really have any idea why it would be blinking. so he just set up a repair account for me. i gave him my info, he sent me a UPS package label to stick to a box to mail them the console for repair. he said the repair would be free and they would expidite the console back after they repaired it (5-6 business days). so i guess if youre all having the blinking blue light/no video output problem, you might as well call them and get a repair set up or do it through the website. im pretty sure you can get a package label and stuff without having to call but im not sure. i dont see any way of getting this fixed on our own.
Not sure that this will be an option for most, but I was able to exchange my malfunctioning deluxe version at a different best buy store.  I ended up getting their last one.  I had a 45 minute chat and the label emailed and all before going out searching for an exchange.
Same problem here. Blinking blue light, no video signal out either HDMI or A/V. Tried two different TV's. Nintendo Customer Service offered expedited shipping to replace the unit; will take 5-6 days.
i am having the same issue(i also have the deluxe edition). i called Nintendo and got a really nice guy. he had me unhook everything and hook it back up(i knew this wouldn't work, but i did it anyway). i turned the Wii U on and immediately the blue light stats blinking. i told him this and he put me on hold to look up the issue in the system. he found it and set me up with a repair. free shipping to and from and sent me a shipping label. told me it would be 5 to 7 days after they recevie it. i am thinking with the holiday this week, i will likely be getting it back late next week. i am not Frustrated, just dissapointed. bummed and dissapointed......
"I had this exact same problem.  When I called they ignored my initial ""the blue power light is flashing"" and proseeded to make sure I had it correctly connected first.  When I reminded her that the power light was flashing blue and the system never booted or showed anything on the TV she set me up with a repair packing slip thingy. Since they are sold out everywhere it seems like my best option. Hopefully it's postage paid.  I paid for this thing and I should not have to pay to ship it to the company that Frustratede it so they can repair it. You know, since others paid the same as me and theirs you know, works.
I just hope living in Canada it is a fairly swift turnaround."
"I have this same problem as well. Tried multiple tv's, busted out the Wii A/V cables, still nothing. I have my shipping label email from Nintendo, I just have to mail it off tomorrow. Never did anything like this so I hope UPS supplies me with a box lol.
 
The guy on the phone didn't mention, but is it just the console that needs to go, or will I need to send in the cables/power chord?"
"The lady I talked to said just to send in the console and the HDMI cord that was sent with the system. Nothing else.
"
"Did he tell you what the problem was???
"
Anyone tried removing the Battery in the Wii U to see if you can do a complete reset on the system.. I don't think this will void your warranty as its a user changable part in the wii u manual..  I look at it as kind of like the CMOS/BIOS battery in a PC.
"I tried this, and it did not seem to work. Were you having the same problem as me and the other people here? If so did you do this, and if so did it work?
"
"This is a reply to everybody who is having this problem.
 
I'd like to ask everybody to either edit their posts or reply with the type of tv they were using, and exactly how you started the system. I know some TVs won't detect what is being plugged into them until the system is on, or how the the 360 wont fully start until the proper input is selected.
 
I'm using a Sony Bravia 46'' and I turned my Wii U on with the Pad and the TV still did not reconize it. I forced it to go to that input and still nothing. It's a stretch and bogus theory, but this could be a weird bug with the Wii U.
 
I did exactly what ZELDABOY199 did btw. And today I had my sister call Nintendo Support while I was working and yes, they said and did the same. Print out the lable and gonna ship it to Nintendo.
 
I hope Nintendo figures this out because I'm sure we're not the only ones."
"We have a Vizio 3D 42 inch TV. I dont think its our tv cause we turned on the system and it just flashed blue and did not come up on our tv screen, but took the same hd cord and pluged it on our ps3 and the ps3 came on the screen with out the problem.
"
"Same Problem
 
I tried this using the stock HDMI cable as well as 2 that I own and are currently functioning fine.
 
I also tried my componenet cables from my original wii which are 3rd party but I've never had an issue
 
I tried this on my Apex LCD, my Fujitsu Plasma and in the hdmi slot on my HP monitor
 
nothing.
 
in fact when in my monitor nothing it usually tells me there's something plugged into the hdmi port but it does not
 
 
i get a flashing light blue light right above the power button
 
nintendo sent me the return label and said turn around is 10-15 days
 
i got mine from kmart"
"I spent about an hour and a half on the phone with tech support today as well. I explained to them the issue and just as many of you have got a return shipping label and am expecting it back in 7-10 business days.
 
Just wanted to add that I tried it on a Toshiba Regza, a Vizio, a Sony Bravia, and a Samsung as well. Looks like the blinking blue light is the new instant red ring of death. Hopefully Nintendo will get them all fixed and we will be back to playing soon. Thanks for all of the responses. Hopefully this is an issue that only got a small handful of consoles.
"
I mine as well add my info. I have the same issue blue flashing light over power. No video on my tv. I tried 3 different tvs. Sony Bravia 46 inch. Samsung 32 inch. 50 inch Samsung. All hdmi supported etc no change. I'm also getting a return label for mine to be sent in. Fabulous (sarcasm) how we all have to wait to get it fixed now.
"I too now have this problem. But mine might be different because i was able to get it booted up and gone through the setups until the system update failed. I always have the solid blue power light, not a blinking one. But now everytime I power it on, I get not display on my LG LED 56"" TV. GamePad no longer finds the wiiU, and pushing or holding down the power button, doesnt do anything. I have to physically unplug the power cord from the outlet. Tried it several times...nothing. Tried different HDMI cables and 3 different TVs......nothing!
 
Had to get repair job with nintendo. They said 6-7 days from the day they receive it. Provide them your email and they will email you the shipping label within 10mins."
"I'm also affected by this, I followed the packaged directions to a T and straight from the box got nothing but a flashing blue light.  Philips 42"" LCD.  I unhooked all other devices, tried four different HDMI cables in three different ports, dug out my old Wii composite multi-out and component multi-out.  I also updated the firmware on my television.  No difference.  I was literally swapping the multi-out between my Wii and Wii U and the HDMI between my Roku and the Wii U, all while flipping over to local channels and blu-ray player, and the television had issues with nothing else but the new kid on the block.
 
Unfortunately the local shelves are cleared so I can't swap.  I talked to a sweet girl from support today who sent an expedited shipping label.  She said expect 5-7 days but with the holidays and potential number of duds I'm thinking it'll be longer.  She apologized profusely.  I'm not Frustrated, this is totally a first world problem, but I am frustrated, disappointed, and quite honestly surprised.  If it's wide spread it probably never should've Frustratede it past QA.  Nintendo has been a part of my life for over 25 years now and while I'm not justifying anything, this is the first time I've ever had to contact support.  As long as it's Frustratede right I'm willing to give them benefit of the doubt."
"This may not solve everyone's issues but this just worked for us. We had the same issue yesterday (tried multiple cables, devices, etc.) and today I asked my son if the Wii U could change the resolution in its settings. It can. Furthermore, the Wii U is preset to 1080p which, if your TV is not able to display, will give you a handshake error message (aka, it won't output to TV).
 
How we solved this: Turned on the TV. Turned on the Wii U,  went into the Wii U settings (through the tablet) and changed the display to 1080i and the Wii U and the TV finally communicated! So before you call Nintendo and/or send out your new unit, try this.
 
As for the blue LED blinking, I didn't see that yesterday or it didn't happen to us - so that may be a entirely differently issue altogether.
 
Hope this helps."
You must have a different issue. We have no audio or video so we can't sync the gamepad to the console because you need video on the tv to do it.
"Ah, good point. I forgot, we were able to get the Wii U operational on a TV that was 1080p prior to the the one that was 1080i (the one we wanted to hook the Wii U up to, in my son's game room). Honestly for the price and the technology in this day and age, the Wii U should automatically detect the resolution vs us having to manually go in and change the settings (this is an oversight on Nintendo's part).
 
According to the Nintendo site you can use the Wii AV cable (component cable or S video cable) in lieu of the HDMI. If you have one (or can get one) that might allow you to set up and sync the Wii U with the pad. Then go in and adjust the resolution settings so you can use the HDMI cable (more steps than necessary, I know, but a work-around).
 
Again, this may/may not fix the issue but it did for us. And, I empathize with those who are going through this - it wasn't a fun day for us yesterday and I can only imagine if I had to send off a brand new unit to get it fixed."
"Tvs do not have programming to send resolution to your wii u,.
"
"Is the packing slip sent in that first email they send with the repair order number?
ie. just take the information that I got in the email and bring it to a purolator location and fill out their form with that information?
Or do I need to wait for something by mail first?
 
Just because someone asked. The tv I tried to use with my non functioning Wii U is a 40"" Sharp Aquos Quattron.
Tried multiple HDMI's and componet video cables from my Wii"
"They'll send everything you need via email.  In the email will be links to download/print the prepaid shipping label, as well as a reciept of sorts that has the tracking number and Nintendo repair number.  It's up to you to package the console/hdmi and arrange drop off.
"
"If you have the blinking blue LED problem, then this is not a TV problem.  It is a problem with the console.  You need to contact Nintendo.  You should do this even if you plan to return your system to the store (to let them know how big the problem is).  At the moment, they'll probably require you to send it in to be fixed, but it's also possible that they may develop some way to do a firmware restore operation to fix it.
"
"Same problem.  I just got my Wii U last night, and nothing but a flashing blue LED.  So disappointed.
"
"I've had the system for two days and it worked fine, until I got an email about an update with YouTube and Hulu plus today. The pad works fine but a no-go on my tv. I have a Sony Bravia 42 inch HDTV.
"
"I've had the system for two days and it worked fine, until I got an email about an update with YouTube and Hulu plus today. The pad works fine but a no-go on my tv. I have a Sony Bravia 42 inch HDTV.
"
"Today I received my unit back from service and thus far everything is working great.  From the service invoice it looks like they just swapped it out with a totally different unit, which also has the latest system update (which I appreciated).  Other than a small update to the gamepad we were quickly up and running.

Thanks for the quick turnaround, Nintendo!"
so they gave you a whole new unit with a whole new serial number? So now you cant return it from your original store where you purchased it from? Did they give you some sort of compensation for your troubles? Anything free?
Yeah, new unit and new serial.  I'm not too concerned about returning to the original store as I plan on keeping the unit; I just wanted it fixed and this was what I gauged to be the quickest route.  No compensation, but I didn't ask.
Got my Wii U back from Nintendo today, looks like they also sent me a new unit with a different serial number. So far it is working, I haven't played anything on it yet as it is still downloading the huge update.
I too got my wii U back from repair on Nov 28th. And they gave me a new one. After 7 days, it been running solid with an exception of 1 hard lock while playing BO2. had to unplug from outlet. Crash image attached below.
"Christmas night, midnight, setting up the Wii U that Santa is bringing my 7 year old son and I cannot get any of the televisions to read a connection on any of the HDMI ports.   I also have the blinking blue light when powering up the unit.  Sounds like I should have logged in here prior to purchasing.  Now I have a child who's big Christmas present won't work and I cannot contact Nintendo and the store where I purchased it will not be open.  It is not my fault, but I feel like I am letting my son down.  This obviously is not an isolated incident.  
Looks like Nintendo just turned into The Grinch."
"Same problem here. Wii U deluxe. Connecting to a Samsung 3D LED TV. Definitely supports 1080p. HDMI did not work nor did the AV connector from the Wii that I was about to replace with the Wii U. Glad I checked it out before the morning.
"
Same issue here. Just sucks for my kids as this was their big present and now they have to go without. Little heads up nintendo would of been nice. I could of checked it before hand. Just know you probley disappointed a lot of potential buyers of your product. I think my kids will always remember this. Hope you do something to fix this. Merry christmas
Merry Christmas, NOT! Thanks for the Blue blinking light of WII U Death. Did the same as all oters used two different TVs 42" (1080p) and 46" Samsung (720p) multiple HDMI and old WII (orginal OEM) A/V cables and nothing, zilch, zero. Sounds like the first WII U Deluxe systems were not ready for prime -time and Nintendo went ahead and shipped them anyway. I wonder what the mean failure rate on the systems were? Surely Nintendo was more worried about Christmas profits then being a Six Sigma Company. Might be time for a PS3.
"Another Christmas day Disappointment here.  I am getting a solid blue light, but no HDMI output to any TV/LCD/Monitor/Receiver in the house.
 
Ive tried different cables, using PS3 HDMI, xbox 360 HDMI on known working good connections, direct to TV, direct to PC monitor, to my 7.1 receiver where everything else is plugged up and no luck.   Even tried syncing the tablet thing to no avail.  Guess I will be trying to return it to the store tomorrow."
"This is a nightmare. We have a solid blue lght but the TV will mostly not reocgoize the Wii U - though we did get the logo on screen at 1 point. 
Going to store tomorrow to try and exchange.
My poor kid!!!"
"So far mine will not communicate via HDMI, but the AV cable from a Wii will work. It's a start. If you try that, at least the kids can play until you can make arrangements for a replacement.
"
"I just opened my xmas gift for my wii u  and i have the BLUE blinking lite.. I AM NOT GOING TO WAIT 5-7 DAYS for this to arrive.. i waited a whole month to get this for xmas... ima just return it to gamestop and have THEM plus the council into there tv to test it out BEFORE i exchange for a new one.. if it works.. ill leave satisfied.. IF not... I have NO OTHER CHOICE but to wait 6-7 days for my wii u once i sent it out to nintendo....
 
Ai am slowly becoming anti nintendo because of this...
 
 
***Edited to remove inappropriate language.***
 
Message was edited by: NOA_TECH_JOE"
Another deeply disappointed customer here.  Christmas morning, opened the sealed box for the deluxe edition and blinking blue light.  I am furious Nintendo - to the point where I spent a good portion of my Christmas morning signing up to let you and others know how I feel.  Paying shipping both ways is no compensation for a DOA unit.  Do you sense the spinning sensation, Nintendo?  Hate to ruin the surprise, but a gurgle  and flushing sound follows.
"What I'm wondering is that there is no offical announcement about this. Swallow your pride and recognize that youve caused a lot of people hassle and youve upset a lot of kids in the process. Take some responsibility.
"
I am moving to another state and would like change to change my wireless number to an area code in the new state.
Make sure you call in to Tech Support so they can file a ticket regarding your issue. The more info they have about it, the faster a resolution can come around.
just about every call I get or make is either dropped or there is horrible service. I can't hear them or they can't hear me. I have to move to specific spots in my house to have service and even then the phone call is not guaranteed. I lose calls out in the open too. my husband has service with Verizon and has not had this issue. I have done the roaming updates as well as the shut off and remove the battery and that has not helped. I'm trying to do everything else possible before I have to pay $100 to replace and already expensive phone. Any suggestions or ideas???????
Lets pick up those dropped calls, vejuso! How is the service working outside? Is anyone else experiencing the same issue? Have you tried to remove the sim card and place it back in? Is there any damage? I am looking forward to your reply so that I can better assist.
like I said, my husband is on Verizon as well but he had no problems with phone calls. The sim card has been removed and put back in with no change. I lose calls in my house, sometimes with it not ringing at all. I lose calls outside.
Thank you for trying that vejuso! I would like to take a closer look so that I can better assist! I just sent you a follow request. Please follow me back and send a private message with your mobile number and a contact number
I am going to Aruba and want to be able to use my iPad if I run out of data can I add more there? What are the charges down there?
how do I transfer pics from my windows 7 pc to my droid mini?
we are having alot of problems with no service or very poor service in north east Kansas , northern Nemeha County to be exact. we went from having 2 to 3 bars to none or 1 in the last few days! cant even send out a text half the time. what is going on?????
Are Business accounts suppose to be higher then Personal accounts?
Hi everyone,
So as the title suggests, I am potentially considering Verizon being my wireless service provider in December (accounts coming from T-Mobile). I am considering AT&T as well but seeing as Verizon is the #1 carrier, I thought I should ask questions here first.
I need feedback as to how should I proceed. I had to find a new carrier due to Sprint having some major tower issues. I did my research to find that Verizon supposedly has the best coverage. Which important being that my husband is a truck driver. I went to the Verizon site and a chat window opened. I expressed to the rep that I needed a new carrier and why. I told her that cost was very important to me and asked what plans were available. she quoted me a price that was different from the price on the screen and said that the difference would be reflected when I registered my phone. I asked several times if the quote was accurate and she stated that it was and further stated that I could use the chat as proof of the terms. She walked me through the entire process which took some time cause I wanted to make sure that everything was as she stated. So I printed a copy of the chat and once the phones arrived in the mail I activated and called to get the price that I was quoted online to find out that they will not honor the quote. Now my husband is on the road with no phone and I'm here waiting for someone from upper management to call me so that I can see how to proceed. thus far I have spoke with 3 reps, all saying that there is nothing that they can do but change my plan to lesser minutes and would cause me to pay overage fees or to try and find another company which has already been stressful. What should I do? I spoke with my attorney and he said that if I have it in writing, and I do, that I have a case. I'm looking for contact information for the corporate to express my dissatisfaction to them as well. This has been a painful transition and we are just starting. I was with sprint for 11 years which shows that I do not jump from one carrier to the next. I feel like I have been hustled.....
Unfortunately the chat reps are not the sharpest tools in the shed. What are you looking for in service and I can give you an idea of what options you can take for pricing.
Just some initial questions but thanks for any help given. :)
I have 3 lines, one smart phone and two flip phones. We signed up with Verizon online for the family share everything plan. unlimited talk and text with 1gb of data
Your best bet would probably be to return the phones within the 14 day return window if you are unhappy with the pricing available and to look for a provider with advertised pricing which is more in line with what you would like.
What plan and pricing were you told you would receive?
For two basic phones and 1gb of data you would be looking at $30 per basic
In a perfect world a company would honor a price that was quoted. But what was quoted does not exist. So they are trying to help you and give you correct options on what you have available. However you are stuck on trying to get them to create a plan/price that doesn't exist that some inexperienced rep quoted you. If a car salesman told you the new Subaru Impreza had a panoramic roof and that option was not available for that car, would you push Subaru to make you an Impreza with a panoramic roof? I wouldn't think so. So if your not happy with your options go to a provider that has options to suit your needs.
That is part of your customer agreement. You did not sign the chat log as your agreement for service, what the representative told you, while unfortunate in that it was wrong, has no bearing on your actual service costs. In a company with thousands of employees, some representatives will be wrong or misinformed on occasion.
The power button on my Droid Razor M stopped working a day or so after the November update. When I hold down the power button and the volume down button, with the phone plugged into the wall charger, the green light comes on after about five or six seconds. When I plug it into the computer and hold down the same two buttons the computer starts playing da da da, da da da da and the green light stays on solid. But it all stops once I release the buttons. What can I do to get my phone back.
I know it can be frustrating to have a phone not working 100% Beej2 but we are here to help with trouble-shooting and options. Is the phone, charger, or charging port damaged? Is the phone still under the 1-year manufactures warranty?
I've had the phone replaced. It arrived yesterday.
How is this one doing so far?
I canNOT believe that I have to take this issue to the top of the company! I ask for one thing after being a customer for more than a decade. I ordered 3 new phones for them - we decided to keep 2 and exchange the 3rd in this 2 week deceptive no worry time period. I spoke with customer service over and over ad nauseum. finally after the time had expired and there was still no resolution - I was told that i had the phone more than 2 weeks. Of course I had!!!! I called in almost every day during that allotted period and kept getting passed around to supposed supervisors but really God only knows where. Finally I was told that I would be getting a new phone via mail and could simply send the original back once it arrived. After about 1 week I phoned in as the phone had yet to arrive. All of the sudden there was nothing they could do - who did I speak with - what exactly did they say to you... i explained the entire situation over and over day after day. I felt pathetic. But I thought for sure that they would do the right thing. By this time it had been over a month. The most frustrating thing - the phone I want to send back was not as nice as the one I ordered. It had 4G and was brand new - I wanted the iphone 4 not even the 5 just the 4 (that was the make and model of the 2 other in my order)! I did not realize at the time that the apple version of a phone would benefit me more as being a Special Education teacher all of our equipment is of this company, I told more than one employee via telephone that I have 2 ipads for my classroom. They have great apps to serve students with special needs. Budgets being what they are a few of my assistance allow the children to use their phones so more students can have access. Even with this they still said no - seriously - NO! I could not believe it so I headed up the management chain. I finally stalled when I came in contact with a woman name LUCY! She lead me on for weeks that she would be able to fix the problems and apologized. Great, right? NOPE - she finally called back and said she was unable to locate the correct documentation of my phone calls to Verizon and that it was my fault. She actually blamed me for the poor documentation. As if what I was supposed to ask them to send me a copy of what they wrote? She then tried to blame it on APPLE and not verizon. I have never been so disgusted. I am still trying to have them make this right and for the foreseeable will continue to do so. I dont know why but I actually feel betrayed - like how dare you do this to me - but then thankfully for rational side kicks in reminding me this is just business - bad business - but business. And now I realize thanks to Lucys pathetic attempts to justify her poor skill at service that I have become nothing but a case number - not even a name. It is infuriating! Hundreds of dollars a month for more than a decade - and this is how they treat loyalty. Who ever if anyone actually reads these - FIX IT!!!
You can take devices purchased online to a direct(corporate) store and they can do the exchange.
Question. Why didnt you just take it to a store to exhange it within the 14 days?
if their local store is anything like my local stores they would have been told that they need to send it back to the Processing center and deal with Verizon via the 800 number instead of doing the right thing and swapping it like they used to do.
Devices purchased online and shipped have to be shipped back for the return. It might work the same if they are exchanging it for a different model phone.
The store cannot refuse to do a wfg exhnage in the 14 days. they obviously dont like to because that imposes on their commision but they dont have a choice. especially if you ask for a supervisor in the store.
shutterbug07, thanks for providing HapMarie with information regarding our return policy. When ordering devices online at our website, you are provided with a prepaid FedEx shipping label. Please be advised that devices ordered online have to be shipped back to our warehouse within this time period in order to honor your return.
HapMarie -
I recently found out Verizon call centers are calling our older generation ( parents / grandparents ) and rooking them into new two year contracts. They call and say its time to get a new phone and not understanding all the leagaleze they say OK. Then they send them a new $14.00 crappy old phone that they activate not knowing they are now in debt to Verizon for 2 years with no way out except to pay the "fee". Verizon is exploiting our older generation through their call centers. Tell you what, don't believe me, just ask around to your friends. Alabama is fixing to pass a law on exploiting older people. When they do I will be at the Attorney Generals office and will make it my goal to see that Verizon is held accountable for the exploiting. Don't bother going to a Verizon store as I did. Jennifer the manager at the Prattville, Alabama store said she had no control and could not help. Said she had no one to call, she could only email someone. So much for having the country's biggest calling network. I have gone to both the Montgomery and Prattville, Alabama stores and customer service was equal if not more so than our dysfunctional service in our current Federal Government. Does anyone out there have a solution or advice?
Your customer loyalty is greatly appreciated and I am here to help! I am saddened to learn that you have invested so much time to no avail. I would love the opportunity to review your account in an effort to identify your available options. At your leisure please DM your name, wireless number and billing system password. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Same here in Chicago. Lately, I get no connection at all. Trying to test on Speedtest and get "Network communication issues". The sad part is I switched to Verizon last year because ATT was so bad here. Apparently a LOT of other people did too and now Verizon is the un-usable phone.
Oh No! I'm extremely sorry to learn that you're having issues with 4G service in your area. I absolutely understand the importance of top notch service at all times. Let's get to work and get this resolved today. What device are you using? Do you have an exact location or zip for the area? Please keep us posted, thanks!
Hello,
Ok now. I gave you as much detail as could be possibly required. Want me to drive around and log speeds and send them to you? I could do that. But the truth? A couple of your towers in Montgomery, Alabama tell the phone that it is on 4G LTE, but they aren't capable of more than 1Mbps. That's the honest truth and why you won't help me now.
Oh wow, here it is Nov 18th and you still haven't helped me since June. Imagine that.
Oh wow, here it is Nov 18th and you still haven't helped me since June. Imagine that.
Really?? Still nothing?
Had a verizon wireless car charger ( the one with the led light in it) physically burn up in my vehicle on Friday, while charger was laying on seat the cable end melted , it got so hot it melted and burned to the point a whitish liquid came out from the end, the part that plugs into the phone , it leaked out and burnt a hole in my leather seat. In the process when i jus randomly walked out to my vehicle to grab something from my vehicle i smelled an odor as soon as i opened the door the smell of electronics burning then looked down to see my seat was burning from the charger , i quickly grabed the cable to unplug it and whatever the whitish liquid that was burning landed on my upper index finger still somewhat of a blister/mark on my finger 5 days later ... I ve been talking to customer service with no help and verizon wireless is claiming its not thier fault ... im like why isnt it the other chargers, ipod, hands free devices, etc all work fine in the car outlet .. 5 days now (since Friday Verizon wireless support are not taking responsibility of the products they are selling) even with verizon wiress clearly visible all over the product... Even had several techs at verizon wireless tell me to file a claim with my insurance company, im like really? To risk my insurance portfolio and rates to rise b/c i filed a claim and thats not even including the cost of a deductible.... Please be aware, i wish i could post pics on here of the damages visibly the seat with burnt hole the charger end all burned up and as well as my finger... Any questions please feel free to contact me.... if you want more further details...
Well I can certainly understand you wanting Verizon to take responsibility, if it were me I would take it to a local corporate VZW store and speak with a manager.
You've already spoken to customer service, if the store can't do anything to help or get you into contact with somebody who can help, it would seem court would be the next option.
after 5 day/nights constant run arrounds thru support, tonight so they say they filed a report on damage...... why wasnt this done friday night?? they also told me tonight i needed to drive an hour away to my local store ( coperate for them to look at charger etc..) and verizon will be contacting me soon, thats what the guy told me friday night as well, i have called atleast ten times, with no calls from verizon , its always been me calling them, i take this serious.. they claim they do too, the last guy i talked to was pleasant and seemed to me,he knew what steps needed to be done, so we shall see...
You can! Take your phone Snap a few pictures of it.. Go to your pictures find the picture..you want to send) Do you know how to take a snap shot of that picture with your phone, On motorola's and most androids you take your power button + the lower volume press them together and you can snap shot it once that is done find your method to send out your picture I use Google i send it there and once in the inbox i open the picture, I save the picture to my computer.
Why the unnecessary step of a screen shot of a picture on your phone? Why not just share the photo directly with your e-mail or whatever cloud service you use?
Im not that techy with my phone i guess, but now i have a few people not to share evidence etc until they give me better support etc... Email me tho , maybe you guys can help me out better than verizon, still no call back from Verizon...
My way to explain may not be everyone's way tiki I probably could of left out taking a snapshot but taking them is nothing new an I though it would work.. realizing it next time i'll do it up different Did you like the picture I took you have to admit i can take a good picture and that's doing it out threw our Trucks windshield b
I have a very frustrating problem in the last couple of days, no mobile internet! My phone is Bold 9900 and the provider is O2 (UK). I have Bolt Ons, everything else is working perfectly fine; I did a hard wipe and returned the handset in its factory situation but I did not help. Today, O2 changed my SIM card to solve the problem, but it didn't. This is unbeliavable! It's definitely a Blackberry server problem, it is obvious from the diagnostics section also, so only Blackberry can solve it from now, my device cannot copnnect to the services at all. Very dissapointed with my choice by the way....Is there a specific mail or phone I can contact the company?
I have had Link working since March. Recently I installed the BB Link upgrade. It crashed in the process and I havent been able to get it back. I have deleted all the link files. I could not uninstall it as it wasnt there. Removed Kaspersky. Still crashes computer when trying to insall. Please help if you have any ideas. I am drove crazy. Thanksc
Does anyone know when the new update 10.2.1XX will be available?
My phone (Torch 9800) is second-hand from a family member so I tried to create a new account on Blackberry World via Options>Third Party Apps, but it won't accept the password. I'm using a capital letter and a number and even tried a '!' and permutations of hem all. Initially it showed the password as strong but then rejected it when I tried to complete the process. What's going wrong?
is there a way to "delete all" e-mails at once as opposed to deleting them one at a time?
Hi there, Is it possible to change my PIN on BBM without getting a new blackberry? I want to change it so some people can no longer get in contact with me, but I don't want to get a new phone. Thank you :smileyhappy:)
Hi, i have been having problem with my blackberry 9320 curve 7 for the past one week now. Cant connect to blackberry service. I took it to my service provders and after everything was check,it was working ok from their end. i even had to swap sim with another blackberry serioes and it worked. But with a 9320 series,it didnt worked. can anyone help pls????I will appreciate it. Cant PING,cant send and receive mails. Cant use any APPS on the phones.Thanks.
Hi,I've been advised to get Skype for my playbook with Aim+ I've been to that website,do I have to download aim first? Because I downloaded Skype,it came up bottom right download complete,then I longpressed those words,and it said source file empty,what an I doing wrong?
Hi there. I just got a Z30 yesterday as my first black berry since I made the switch to IPhone, and I haven't been able to play one video online from YouTube, Facebook etc on it yet. It keeps saying media error: this video is loading very slowly, it may not be possible to play it with the current network connection. When I know I have a fine connection, even connected to wife. Any ideas as to why? I'm really hoping I don't end up regretting the decision to switch back
Does anyone know how to change the default subject line preference when emailing a picture?  I select a picture -->send -->email -->choose the size -->and in the blank email it automatically puts IMG-xxxxxx-xxxxx.jpg in the subject line. Is there anyway to change the preference to automatically put something else in the subject line?
I have a html5 app which is currently free.I want to make it as a paid app. How to do it? I can't see the option while publishing new version?is this allowed anyway?
i just cant format my memory card in any how!!! i got some videos, pictures, songs and documents. its a 4GB memory card.I got a 9380 curve black berry. OS is latest what ever u can get on updates now. recently i did update it.I did everything (computer format/ DOS format) to format my memory card but its says unable to format or format not complet or windows is unable to format.on other cell phone its complete format but the minute i put my memory card in my black berry 9380, all my data comes back.please help me out!!!
Hi.i want to know can anyone please guide that My blackberry Z10 shuts-down automatically after some time even battery is available when I plugin charger after 5 to 10 mobile again starts. And Battery Charges very fast and finish very soon .I am not heavy user only check emails and use skype some time not too much.I have buy new mobile .Please Guide me what is problem and what to do .I am very Disturbed.
Hello : Can you tell me if I can play standard usb drives on my playbook by using a micro-usb adapter to connect to the standard usb drive ? Thanks.
"In BB 9900 its possible to choose how much days of email we can see. But in my new BB Z10 it's not possible.My inbox have a lot of emails (10.000). The server transfers all? Or just transfer part of them? Thks, Artur
"
"I bought a new Z10 and tranfer all data and settings from my old 9900 but i can't transfer bbm history.
 Can anyone help me?"
I have some movies saved on Flixster.  I have downloaded the Flixster app for the Z10 but the movie will not load to watch.  I can see the movie I own, click on it to see details of the movie but when I click on the "Watch Now" button, nothing happens, even after several hours of letting the phone do something (not sure what it is doing as there is no indication that anything is happening).  I can click on the 'Watch Now' button all day as well and nothing happens.  How do you watch movies on the Z10?
Hi all, here is my environment: Windows Server 2008 R2 Exchange 2010 SP3 BES 10.2 UDS - 10.2.0.37 I have set up a profile and secure workspace on an iPAD (with Retina display Wi-Fi) iOS 7.0 and when going into Work Connect and viewing my email, I can only see the last 4 days. It doesn't sync any folders except Inbox and Sent. It Syncs Contacts, Calendar etc and can see back past 2 months on Calendar (Havent checked any further) so why only 4 days of email? Am I missing any settings somewhere? Thanks in advance.
unable to reset my blackberry id password
Is it possible to post content directly to a BBM Channel without having the user to post it manually through an invoked BBM Card?Thank you
I had an unfortunate experiance with the SQL server and have lost it. The backups are also gone too. Currently the users are still able to connect through the server to get their mail. What I'd like to know is how to re-create the DB on a different server and re-tain the access the users currently have. Is this possible?
I have had my new Q10 and the signal reception is terrible. While I was on call, I have very frequent call drop also the voice to the other party getting week in between. I checked with Etisalat (in Abu Dhabi) service provider and everything is okay from their end. Earlier I was using BB9780 and this call drop problem was not there. Any solution
Hey, I downloaded BlackBerry beta zone earlier today, and I downloaded the new BBM channels application. After using it for a while, I don't really like it, I preferred the old standard BlackBerry 10 BBM. My question is, how do I get this BBM back? And remove the current BBM channels? Thankyou!:smileyhappy:
Hello, friends. Here is the thing: How to turn the notifications on BBM groups for android off? I mean, in BB10 is really easy and you can configurate each group you have separately. But, on android, i dont know how to do. I have friends using this os on groups and, sometimes, notifications can be really annoying. Anyone can help with this? Thanks!
Hello, friends. Here is the thing: How to turn the notifications on BBM groups for ios off? I mean, in BB10 is really easy and you can configurate each group you have separately. But, on ios, i dont know how to do. I have friends using this os on groups and, sometimes, notifications can be really annoying. Speciaaly for iphone when you want to sleep because you have to keep the phone on and cant put on silent mode because of alarm clock. Anyone can help with this?
i am installing my blackberry 9780 os 6 again beacuse of my wifi is not scanning when i start loader this will message that your blackberry is not supporting this software how can i get rid from this i dont know about my carrier and my bb pin is {REMOVED} please help me out from this 
Recently my Blackberry Z10 would not switch back on after the battery had drained even though it had been recharged and the usual things had been tried like removing battery etc... Anyway the up shot is that I was advised to connect it to my PC and using Blackberry link, reset to factory settings. I did this and subsequently it switched on again and now works perfectly. However, in the process of this I lost ALL my unbacked up photos - yes, I know, lesson learnt!. Is there any way at all that these can now be recovered? Perhaps via the hard drive? Only it is typical they contain family holiday shots that I would dearly love to have back :-
Wanting to copy data from my Bold 9700 (v5.0.0.862) to my new Z10 (v10.1.0.2312) but, after scouring manuals, Blackberry web pages etc until going deaf or blind, I am feeling stupid and frustrated. Every page read keeps referring to Transfer, Import, Switch or Move Data to new phone, a couple of references to back-up, but never once have I seen the word 'Copy'. My basic question is, does a Transfer delete data on the 'old' phone? If it does, will I still be able to restore the data to my Bold 9700 from a back-up made in Desktop Manager (v 5.0.1) before embarking on any transfer?
I am very new to Video Recording and Video Encoding stuffs.In this line I get Error 22Any help is very much appreciated. please. Thank you.
 Hello, I accidentally deleted my Blackberry app world of my blackberry 9300, I'm in the process of re-downloading, it says it will be a charge of a wireless network, could you tell me how much this would be please? As im connected to a TalkTalk network?
Looking for something equivilant to team viewer etc to remotely support my sisters BBZ10 from my Laptop. She is in Wales I am in Scotland. Surely there must be something out there that offers this service.
I know i may not be the first who raises this topic, but could you please inform whether "Vika" application will become sterling in BB Os6? It looks superb in Os10, but now not everyone can afford to buy q10/z10. The number of BB users is growing fast in Ukraine, but we use mostly Os6/7 so far. As for the current verson of "Vika" - it's possible only to write and receive messages. Profile view and other useful features are forbidden. Thanks for your understanding. Looking forward to hearing from U.
I'm an Z10 owner since 2 weeks. Unfortunately my Z10 terminates calls on it's own sometimes or sets me or the caller on mute (which can't be cuttoff by pressing the mute-button) sometimes switching between speaker and earphone helps. Is this a known problem or software-related? I'm currently using Softwareversion 10.2.0.429. Or should I better complain about the hardware? Thank you
I have a Blackberry 9320 Curve and I use it for work. I set up another email account on the device for my Hotmail. The email works ok, the contacts appear on the blackberry and it recognises that I have a calendar (when I click on select calendar my Hotmail calendar is shown as an option). However, the Blackberry says there are zero entries in the calendar, when this is wrong. I cannot find any way of getting the Blackberry to recognise my calendar entries and to show it on my blackberry. Help!
Hi guys I met a strange issue with overlaying content of foreign windows with mapview. Acctualy content of mapview is shown in every newly created foreign window. May be smb already met this issue ?
I wanted a datamodel object globally across the qml pages.I querried from sqlite and result stored in datamodel . this same datamodel values i wanted to access from page 3 , page 4 etc. (how to make that datamodel object available globally)
So here's the thing. I am sleeping and expecting the alarm on my 9900 to go off but then I notice the sun is rising and I am still sleeping pretty. I pick my phone only to see it's off? Try to switch it on, nothing... I had plugged it on the charger when I woke up in the middle of the night and even used it before I dozed off. Now the phone is totally dead... no LED no nothing
I recently bought a new unbranded and unlocked Bold 9900 after my other blackberry just died for no reason. Probem is I can't seem to access the BIS. Preiously when I change a device, I would immediately get a registration message from RIM but this time I don't get nothing. I have tried reloading / upgrading the software, resetting the device but still no luck. I am having to depend on a lousy Curve 9300 for now. HELPPPP
Dear community, in my company, we have BB to bring a very good 24hrs service to our customer, but the thing is that we started to have an issue with our BB and the Microsoft Office 365 and Exchange service. We have BlackBerry Enterprise service activated on each blackberry, so we receive every email in our BBs. But, when we read an email, after you go back to the mailbox, it appears as un-read again. Then, if you read it again, and go back to the mailbox, it appears as read. DO you know why it's happening?. Thanks in advance,
Like its done in facebook, a button on top...on click of it... the tab menu show up left overflow.how can this be done? is it sthg custom facebook done?
Hi guys, I'm new to these forums and hope I can get some help. My Z10 has a cracked screen which has rendered it unuseable as there is no response to the touch screen. My priority is to get the January calendar entries off the phone as I am self employed and all my billable jobs are entered there. In addition all future appointments are there. My last local backup to my PC was at the end of Dec and is consequently no help, but it was supposed to be regularly backing up to Blackberry Protect. How can I retrieve this data from Blackberry Protect to my old 9700 which I still have. I certainly don't want to get a new Z10 just to retrieve the data.
Can somone at BB tell me what the cost is to repair the charger port?  My charger port is loose, therefore not charging my phone.  The warranty has long expired.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.
my black berry curve hangs up, it cannot proceed in opening its mobile applications. i have tried removing the battery 5 times & even charging it for 6 hours but it does not start up. any help anyone??
Hello! I have BB Torch 9810 and I recently echanged data from my previous BB Curve 9300... although all emails, contacts restered 100%, I started having problems with the BB 9810 ... (a) the BB Apps World icon does not exists in the desktop although I have installed and re-installed many times, (b) the twitter Apps and the FB Apps also does not appear, (c) the Setup icon when i click on it prompts an error about BB toolkit, and doesnot open ... I have made soft and hard setup, but the problems exists ... moreover, I realized that my emails where not downloaded, and I restored them once i sync again the server ... Is it possible to fix it? Can I do a new complete installation of OS 7.1, and this will solve my problems? Thank you in advance
We have a BB torch which has died (Rogers network). We obtained an old bb Bold from a friend (Bell). We put our original SIM card in and unlocked the phone. browser, BBM, phone and text all work but we cannot access email accounts in system settings. Is there another setting in there somewhere to activate this function???
I'm not sure what I did when I connected the data cable think I went on sync media instead or charge only and did not properly disconnected it, after that I cannot acces nothing at all on my phone when I go in media there is 0 files I can only see the files when I connect it to the computer or "explore>show hidden" because somehow the files got hidden I just wanna know how 2 access the files normal like how I used to before without going 2 exploren show hidden I restarted the phone many times and every time I go in media 0 files please help!!
Blackberry Bold 9930-All of a sudden, when clicking on 'M' or the period, a $ pops up. At points the $ seems to have a mind of its own and just pops up in between characters which aren't even near it on the keyboard. Its impossible to type a period anymore. And sometimes I'll get 3 or 4 $'s randomly right in the middle of a text or email. Anyone have any ideas? I've already done the remove the battery thing
hello, i changed my blackberry 9930 lcd and after switching it on some minute later i dicovered my keypad stopped functioning, i bought a new keypad its still the same. what do i do. Regard
I try delete all service book, wipe and reload OS, call network carrier support but problem can not solve 
I am the BES admin for my company. I was informed by my user that the "To Do Flag" was not sync between Blackberry and Outlook (vice versa). After trying out with my own Blackberry unit, I was having the same exact issue. No issue with other delete, read, unread sync between Blackberry and Outlook. My BES version - 4.1.7 MR3 Will any1 who has similar experience share their knowledge and solution please? Thanks and cheers.
This approach works perfectly on all android devices with or without the Youtube app installed and it works on kindle devices as well, but fails with my playbook. When the app is run the device is correctly detected as a blackberry device and the Youtube player view is then replaced with the webview. But the video does not load and I'm greeted with the webview error message that the page could not be loaded. If I can't use this approach to show video's within my app what can I do? I really do not want to use an intent to open the Youtube video in a web browser because I want to keep my users within my app and to be honest I'm not even sure if I can use intents like this with Blackberry devices. How do you guys handle Youtube video's. Any advice? Thanks
Hi all, we don't have an Apple store where I live, so I am unable to see a retina display in person. Please share your opinions. Are retina displays an impressive feature worth purchasing, or a bit of over priced hype? If you have a retina display, please explain why you like it, or don't. Thanks!
I'd say they're worth it, its difficult to convey the crispness of the images and texts, and the high quality of the display. I'd say given the overall positive remarks here in this forum, my opinion is not in the minority.
It's beautiful, sharp and great to work/play on. The viewing angles are insane, the clarity as well. You really notice that they didn't use a separate cover glass with the retina displays. My first Mac is a late 2013 15" rMBP, so I don't know about the non-retina displays from before. I've heard that those are pretty darn good as well. I'm a bit OCD about displays in general and can see pixels pretty quickly. I've enjoyed the improvements in smartphone displays for the past years (from WVGA, to 720p, to 1080p). I can say that at 1080p on my 4.7" HTC One, I finally don't see any pixels at all, everything is perfectly sharp like it's printed. Now for me personally, the 15" MacBook Pro's Retina display is on the same level as my HTC One. Amazing, amazing screen which doesn't have anything I don't like.
I've owned my rMBP for about a month now (my first mac) and I love the display. My main computer has a 27" Asus monitor which is great as well, but the higher resolution on the rMBP is quite nice. It just looks damn good!
"Are retina displays an impressive feature worth purchasing" Yes.  "[...] or a bit of over priced hype?" No. "please explain why you like it" The retina display delivers much crisper text, greater brightness and a wider color gamut. When comparing the displays of a rMBP, cMBP and MBA side by side, the difference is very noticeable. The retina display isn't the only positive about the rMBP. Don't forget that the 13" rMBP is 1 lb. lighter than the cMBP, and comes with an HDMI out port. Also notice that compared to a MBA with 4GB RAM and 256GB SSD ($1299), the rMBP for $1499 has the retina display, 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD. So for $200 you get a much better display and double the RAM- that's a good deal IMO.
Yes. You will never go back to something of less quality!
I have had a 2010 17in MBP, traded it in for a 2011 13in MBA, and now have a 15in rMBP. While my tasks are certainly light on the CPU, the biggest difference is the screen of the rMBP. It's just beautiful and is the only reason I switched to it from my otherwise functioning MBA. The color gamut and clarity are levels above anything else I've seen on a laptop and they lighter and thinner than years passed.
Yeah. The slimmer form factor is also worth it (if you're considering a regular MacBook Pro also).
"""Originally Posted by wingsabr  View Post
I have had a 2010 17in MBP, traded it in for a 2011 13in MBA, and now have a 15in rMBP. While my tasks are certainly light on the CPU, the biggest difference is the screen of the rMBP. It's just beautiful and is the only reason I switched to it from my otherwise functioning MBA. The color gamut and clarity are levels above anything else I've seen on a laptop and they lighter and thinner than years passed."" If someone considers your post to be tl;dr then they may want to consider being tested for ADD."
"Wow, many thanks to all for the speedy replies to my question, much appreciated. So you love retina, that's clear enough. ""Originally Posted by BigBeast  View Post
Also notice that compared to a MBA with 4GB RAM and 256GB SSD ($1299), the rMBP for $1499 has the retina display, 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD. So for $200 you get a much better display and double the RAM- that's a good deal IMO."" Great point, thanks. I believe adding 4GB of RAM costs $100, so this means the price of retina would also be $100. Given the reports here, seems to be worth it.

Thanks again."
I've been a Windows user all my life (Some Linux in there) and I just made the switch to a rMBP. I can say without a doubt that this is the most crisp and vibrant display I have every used. Forget about the resolution(s), the vividness and colour reproduction alone are worth it. This is something that is not matched even on the MBA.
For me it's worth it because of the more dynamic resolutions I can put there. If I am working on something I might use 1920x1200 to fit much on the 13" screen. If my eyes are tired that day I might use 1680x1050 HiDPI instead. Not being limited to one size is perfect. The non retina Macs of course have the choices of running a lower resolution. The problem is that their max resolution is the lowest one you'd even think about using.
I waffled on retina vs non-retina for weeks and finally decided on a rMBP on Friday. The display is simply gorgeous. I spend a lot of time on my computer and I really have noticed the crispness. It wasn't just a wow factor out of the box only to be forgotten about. I have no regrets about paying a little extra to look at a screen this great for the next several years.
Yes. I have a 2010 15" MBP with the optional 1680x1050 HD display. I also have a 2013 15" rMBP set to display at 1920x1200. I have set them next to each other and the same documents are easier to read on the rMBP at the same distance despite the smaller size (because I prefer to have more screen real estate). When I set the rMBP to 1680x1050, they difference is dramatic. My 2010 MBP just looks like crap next to my rMBP.
One of the downsides to such a nice display is the power needed to run them well. But its beautiful!
high res displays are the future. don't even consider getting a non retina laptop.
"""Originally Posted by BigBeast  View Post
If someone considers your post to be tl;dr then they may want to consider being tested for ADD."" I have ADD so I guess that's why I put that note"
Yes, good point. It looks like the cost is about 3 hours less time out of the battery. Still 9 hours of battery time is pretty darn good compared to normal. Thanks for this field test, pretty convincing. I appreciate all the replies here, as the nearest Apple store is 2 hours away from me, so seeing the displays in person is problematic. Hmm, wait.... Does BestBuy sell these laptops, anyone know? We have a BestBuy here, should I be paying them a visit? Or, do any other major chain stores sell Apple products?
Yes and most of them have retina Macbooks on display.
I recently bought my rMBP - it is definitely worth it, at normal resolutions (natively supported) it looks great, but with the RDM addon you can run at native-non scaled resolution, it makes everything tiny but it is great if you need to see a lot of content. I use the non-scaled for coding and photo editing.
"The retina display is definitely a perk if you can afford it. Work replaced my 2011 hi-res MBP with a rMBP and the difference is comparable to when I bought my first retina iPhone. I had a hard time understanding why anyone with normal eyesight would settle for anything less if given the option. The weight savings brings the 15"" rMBP within striking distance of a MBA in terms of portability too.

Some BestBuy's have in-house mac stores, but not all."
Really depends what you need it for. My 2012 MBP 15" has 2TB of storage, whereas I would have to pay NZ$800 just to get a 1TB drive upgrade in a MBPr. As I need storage for more than a retina screen I wont be updating anytime soon.
The display is beautiful. However, the whole package of the retina Macbook is what is so great. Super display, lighter, thinner, longer battery life, super fast PCIe flash storage, etc.
Its not just the display, the thing is stupidly thin and light for the power. Then there is the display with full sRGB which most over retina class laptop display don't get, amazing blacks, viewing angles, very bright when you need it too be. And still you get more then enough battery life. It comes with draw backs, the new form factor means the only thing you can upgrade is the SSD. Everything else is a pain or just impossible to user replace. This means if your battery goes bust outside of warranty you need to pony up $400, which is crazy. But the battery is glued to the frame so the bottom half of the unibody will need replacing. Ultimately for me and many others it is worth it.
"Besides the quality of the display, can I assume that I can use the highest resolution available, so that I can see many things in the 15' screen?

I read articles that having such monitor is like having a 'desktop replacement' with a big screen.

But will everything get smaller at such resolution? 
I want the maximum useful space, like having a 19' normal monitor, in retina macbook pro 15'. Is this possible?

Of course, I talk about easiness in use, and I will not strain my eyes in any case.

So, besides quality in visuals, what else could I expect in the resolution area matters, realistically?"
In 2012 when Apple was first to the party with 'retina' on their notebooks it was a 'the future is here now' moment. Now in 2014 it is the present, while 4k (however useless it may currently be) is now the immediate future. To spend over $1000 on a laptop this year and get anything less than 'retina' quality is not a smart decision.
"If you increase the resolution everything becomes smaller but you can see more on the screen, that is the trade-off. I do a lot of coding and photoshop so I run my rMBP at a higher resolution so that I can see more things, but the size of everything is much smaller. 

OS X does not allow you to run at the highest, native resolution but with an addon (RDM) you can."
What is the max resolution I can set through osx in retina 15'?
YES! This display is beyond beautiful! You really will enjoy it when reading, editing pics, and looking at your screen saver (:
"How do you all address the 2:1 scaling with retina? Using a web browser with a 1440 x 900 ""actual"" resolution would result in a significant loss of usable workspace.

I'm a Windows user (Windows 7), 15"" w/ 1080P right now -- I find this perfect.
However, I am also a very happy Surface Pro 2 users (Windows 8.1), 10"" w/ 1080P - and some apps simply don't scale properly due to the HiDPI nature of the tablet."
Thanks for this number. If your time permits, might you comment on where you found this number, does it include labor etc? Thanks!
Well aren't you full of misinformation. The battery replacement cost is $199, not $400.
"Once you go Retina, there's no going back.

Deffo worth the extra dose - take it any day of the week. Reading is so much nicer."
"Mainly, I'd say ""yes"", though I did balk at the price a little bit--a beefed-up Air is cheaper and gets better battery life. I'm happy with my Retina, though, and it makes simple things (like reading) a lot more pleasant.

If you haven't seen one, I'll warn you that it is extra-bright and a little harsh on the eyes. I have to use a program called f.lux (which works very well) not to have my eyes hurt. With it, though (and there are a lot of other programs like it), it is really nice to have the hi-res screen, especially if you spend a significant amount of your day working on your computer."
Is brightness user adjusted in retina mbp?
Thank you for this report. Yes, I'm curious now too, can the brightness of retina not be adjusted within OSX?
Brightness adjustment through osx or the keyboard?
Both, and there is auto brightness adjustment in System Preferences > Display too.
I use the keyboard to adjust the brightness on my rMBP, it seems easier that way.
"You can dim the screen with the keyboard, but you may find (if your eyes are sensitive) that a setting with the screen bright enough to work with also leaves the computer with bright whites and harsh contrasts--it bothers some people (if you do a Google search for ""eyestrain"" and the retina, you'll find other people who have this issue). 

It's a good screen--those contrasts are good for watching video and so on. But if it bugs you, the various little programs like f.lux do the equivalent of adjusting the ""contrast"" or ""picture"" controls on your TV set to simulate less harsh lighting (think about the difference between a room lit by a harsh fluorescent light vs. a ""warm"" incandescent bulb).

The programs below are supposedly for night time, but they allow for more control over your screen's contrast and dimming:

http://mac.appstorm.net/roundups/uti...itor-at-night/
http://justgetflux.com/"
Many thanks for this report, as eyestrain is a big issue here, so I will research as you suggest. And thanks for these helpful links too!
Paying $400 for a new battery would definitely qualify you as crazy since Apple will do it for half of that. Not to mention that AppleCare only will replace a battery for free within your warranty if it's deemed defective.
$400 is what my friend was quoted early this year on his 2012 rMBP 15", direct from the apple store. Price might be different know, I have no clue. Either way $199 price is mostly cause of the unibody needs replacing and adds too the cost, if it was just the battery it wouldn't cost as much.
"Thanks for your report, appreciate it. 

I don't claim to know anything here, but it may be that you're getting the full parts AND labor price, while others are referring only to the price of the parts, ie. the battery.

Anyway, it seems we know for sure the battery is going to slowly die as all batteries do, and when that happens it's going to be a pretty unhappy day. 

Imho, $130 to replace a battery was just barely acceptable, and if it's going to be more, or maybe much more, I dunno, not sure I want to go there. 

As example, for $400 I can get a pretty darn good used laptop just like the one I'm typing this on. The new laptops have some nifty features for sure, but I'm unsure that for me they merit the considerable added expense. But I'll probably change my mind by this time tomorrow. :-)"
They really do help--personally, I find that using F.Lux with a 3200k setting for "At night" and a 4300k setting for "Daytime" makes my eyestrain problem go away. The only caveat is that you may want to disable it (easy to do with the menubar) for graphic work, since it does affect color. Some of the other programs affect color a little less, so you might want to try a few of them to suit your taste--what causes eyestrain varies from person to person.
"Thanks for this. That page indicates only $129 for replacement of batteries in 11-inch/13-inch MacBook Air, 13-inch/15-inch MacBook Pro. It doesn't seem to say whether this includes labor. The $200 price some are mentioning sounds like the parts and labor price?

Apple goes on to say....   As others have commented, it seems Apple will replace the battery for free (during warranty) only if it is found to be defective. So if the battery which is supposed to last 12 hours starts lasting only 3 hours, Apple might label it defective, or they might say the battery is reaching the end of it's natural life.

To me, it would have been much better to simply guarantee what the advertising claims for the warranty period. As it stands, there's really no telling what will happen if the battery starts dying."
"Battery replacement cost can be found on Apples support website:
http://support.apple.com/kb/index?pa...t=Macnotebooks

It is $200 (before tax) in the US for the rMBP. Note that the prices are for ""battery replacement"", so it should include labor. 

Whether it is worth for you to pay extra for the retina is hard to tell. I just want to point out that if you go for a 8GB/256GB configuration, which is reasonable in my opinion, the price difference between the Air and the rMBP drops to $100."
They don't sell the part. They only sell a service. Take a look at the link I posted rather than "my friend said". When I say they don't sell the part, you can't order a battery component from Apple the way you could when they were considered user replaceable. The price quoted is to hand them the machine and receive it back with a new battery. The other speculations are completely stupid.
Right, that's a good point (that I had forgotten), and it's true--once you get to comparable specs, the price difference isn't actually that much (though if you were content with a base-level Air or CMPB, you could save real money). Now I remember why I bought the Retina, though.
After using a rMBP, I have trouble going back to any laptop with a typical display. They're so crisp and nice to look at, text is amazing, and I do a TON of reading on it.
I have a Dell Inspiron from 2010. It is so badly corrupted with viruses I can't do much with it. I attempted to complete a system restore to the factory default settings.  I restarted, pressed F8 and chose "system repair."  One of the options was a disk image restore, but I don't have any disk images to pick.  It seems like I saw a system restore partition in my hard drive listings. Am I doing something wrong?  Isn't there supposed to be a factory restore disk image?
"Hi Peter Lloyd,

It looks like you have Windows 7 system. There is a ‘Dell DataSafeLocal Backup’ application installed in the system wherein you could restore the system to factory state. Please follow the steps below to restore the computer to factory state.

1. Turn on the computer, after the Dell Logo appears and then disappears repeatedly press the <F8> key until you see the Advanced Boot Options menu. 
2. From the Advanced Boot Options highlight Repair Your Computer with the arrow keys and press <ENTER>.
3. Click ‘Next’ and login to your administrator account on the computer. The administrator account is the account created the first time the computer was turned on.
4. Click ‘Dell Factory Image Recovery and DataSafe options’ and follow the prompts provided.

If the above steps do not work, you will have to manually reinstall the operating system. Please send me a private message with the computer's service tag, Name registered during the system purchase, email address so that I can check and assist you further in sending the operating disc as an exception for one time. To send a private message, click on my name and send me a private message."
I'm new to Dell and all of a sudden a great many files have a blue clock face and red exclamation point on top of file thumbnail. What does it mean and how do I remove them. Can I remove them in bulk. I backed up my whole computer yesterday, but the blue clock and exclamation point still remains on many many files and folders.
Hi, I am having a problem with by XPS15. it won't turn on. The battery indicator shows full, and when connecting the ac adapter the light goes out on the power pack. could you please advise?
When the LED on the adapter goes out on connection to the system, you have a bad mainboard.
cheers, anyone know best place to get a replacement?
I have a Dell XPS L502X. Issue is my webcam is not working. 
I have added you as a friend. Please send me a private message with Service Tag and name listed on the account. To send a private message click on my DELL-username and then click "Send a Private Message". Provide your service tag and contact information so that I may access your system records.
I have sent you a private message with my Service Tag and Name on account. Please acknowledge me if you have received the details and also kindly help me with the issue. Thanks a lot in advance 
As in subject: after updating BIOS on Inspiron 7720 to the latest version I get instant black screen. Everything was done as it should, no programs running, everything closed, exe file was ran as admin. The previous version was A15. The only control which is on is power. The system it was ran from is Windows 8.1x64 (Dell OEM upgraded from Windows 8 to 8.1 via Windows Store).Does anyone has any idea how to solve this problem.
Same...  I am dead in the water other than boot menu.
How old is this computer?
Well, it was bought in March 2013. To be honest, I do not have it anymore. First, the disc went down after 6 months and I had problems with keyboard from the very beginning, then no ability to activate their OEM Win8 after they changed disc and keyboard. After problems with their official BIOS update and two changes of motherboard, they agreed to give money back. I've been talking wth some people (friends, family etc.) having Dell notebooks - none of them is happy with the hardware they bought and they all have problems with it - I did not believe it before I bought it because my previous Dell (bought in 2009 worked pretty good and I was happy with that) - now I had opportunity to feel their 'Dell pains'. Dell is really getting worse and worse - notebooks they provide under the brand which once was very good are not even half as reliable as they claim.  After having those problems I bought cheap Lenovo for literally half of the price with weaker parameters and it works flawlessly. Don't waste your nerves, time and money for Dell products.
It is APPARENT that these R17 7720 computers have a glitch.....  I also ran into this problem. I am an Electronic Engineer and have been in the computer industry since before 8087 processors.  Dell has not OWNED UP TO THIS...   This non-response attitude of telling customers to send private message instead of just stating a recall or offering a FIX has diminished my respect for Dell... I will no longer be selling or offering these computers as a good buy.  Not because they are any worst than any other companies computer... BUT BECAUSE DELL SEEMS NOT TO BE TRUSTED TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY for failed products. 
Exactly! Dell doesnt give a heck about helping or solving problem. 
I lose WiFi connection or it changes to limited whenever I turn the device off and on. I noticed that by turning Airplane mode to on and off once the WIFI issue get fixed. Is this the expected solution or there is a better one?
is the wifi connected to your own internet or someone else's?
It's both, my home and office. Even when no one is connected to internet. 
About twice a day the screen on my dell xps 13 ultrabook goes crazy
To be sure just connect an external monitor to your laptop
It would be a good idea to connect an external monitor when this happens to test if the issue follows the monitor. Also, please send me a private message with the computer's service tag. To send a private message, click on my user name and select "start conversation". I can check the warranty status and suggest further steps.
The VERY exact same issue just started happening to me this past week.
I'm having the same issue as well, although I can close the laptop and open it back up and it works for a while before the issue appears again. Any solutions?
good news there is an easy fix for this issue.Just install the display driver from the dell downloads site.
I'm running Win8 64bit on mine and the driver on the Dell site says it's the "initial release". What OS are you running and what's working for you?
The problem is windows update is updating your display driver automatically. This is what happened to me. You need to go back to the driver listed on the dell site, then in windows update tell it to ignore the display driver update.
Thanks, lefofcentre, that worked perfectly!
I've waited and purchase the XPS 14z as soon as it came out. To my disappointment I have struggled with wireless connectivity since. I found comments about a similar problem with the XPS 15z. but not much about the 14z (beside a couple of post in the Review section of the Dell website).From the same location, my four+ year old XPS M1210 has consistently 3 bars of better signal than the 14z. The same happens at work beside my Vostro 1720.Furthermore the 14z connection is unstable and drop off randomly, effectively making it impossible to use for internet unless I sit close to my router (which is not in by my home desk).Dell sent out techinicians twice. The first time to replace the wifi card, the second time to replace the wifi (again a 6230) and the antenna (which involves taking the all system apart and replace the screen at the same time). Now Dell is going to replace the system with a new one, but by the sound of things, it's going to be just the same. Is there any official source where Dell aknowlodges that there is a problem with their choice of hardware/software configuration; and that they are going to do something about it? Are there known solutions out there already?
I just received my XPS 14z a couple days ago and I am having the EXACT same problems with WiFi connectivity. I have tested other laptops in the house using wifi and they are running just fine, so it is not the internet connection, the modem or the wireless router. The problem must be traced back to the laptop. I spent a ton of money buying this laptop and I am extremely disappointed in the wireless issues i have already experienced. Not happy Dell.
I also have XPS 14z and have exactly the same problem. Connection with Intel 6230 is extremely slow... My old laptop connects at 150Mbps, the 14z at 20Mbps or less. Dell Tech Support could not help because my laptop was too new, the Service Tag was not registered... They recommended to do a clean Windows 7 install, I did on both laptops, tried both Intel and Dell website drivers, no joy.... Please Dell help!!
Just got a brand new laptop, Dell Inspiron 11 3137, and updated to windows 8.1. The touchpad does not work properly now; gestures/scrolling/pointer not working. I've spent over 16 hours getting windows 8.1 installed and then troubleshooting this issue. I've contacted Dell; updated the driver from Dell, even tried installing the latest driver from Synaptic. I even tried setting the Synaptic app to run under the windows 8 version. Touchpads have been around a long time. It's the last thing I expect not to work properly.At this point I am ready to send the laptop back and call it quits on windows.Can anybody help with this?
I also have similar problem with touchpad in Dell inspiron 11 3137. This is definitely driver problem, it works as soon as I start the computer, after a while two finger scroll stops working, single finger tap stops working. its very annoying. I expected better quality control from Dell.
Dell Inspiron 15 3521 won't start, it is beeping continously (not 4 not 7 beeps) with intervals and by luck sometime it boots, no dell icon nothing black screen, Please help this is my first experience with dell, before I used Hp its quite better !
I am sorry about the situation; try releasing the static power and check the system is working. Follow the steps below.Switch off the system; remove the battery, ac adapter and the power cable. Press and hold down the power button for thirty seconds to drain any excess static power.In case the problem persists, Please pay close attention to the number of beeps. There is a big difference between a “beep-beep-beep” beep code and a “”beep-beep” beep code. Let us know how many times the system beeps.In case the problem persists, Please pay close attention to the number of beeps. There is a big difference between a “beep-beep-beep” beep code and a “”beep-beep” beep code. Let us know how many times the system beeps.Let us know about the progress.
I have tried to release static power many times but it never works, it is merely on chance that my laptop shows dell icon then I keep my laptop in sleep mode rather than shutting it down, I have observed beeps very carefully they are continuous no trend or what, its simple tuck tuck tuck from speakers.
Please run the hardware diagnostics follow the steps below.Press the FN + Power which will initiate the hardware diagnostics. Let us know if there is any error code listed.
I have tried power = fn key together nothing happened instead I have to wait for my luck again when it will boot, its annoying tuck tuck  again, please help and suggest me !
Please shut down the laptop, press the FN key first and then press the power button, this will intitate the hardware diagnostics.Let me know about the progress.
Hi There, thanks to advice abt my problem the same problem i face , beep sound also distrube me alot.. my laptop dell inspiron 3521
I have the same problem please help. I switch on and the screen is black. The computer just makes a continuous clicking/beeping/tuck noise. I have tried many times to clear the static etc and this does not help.
Also pressing the FN key and starting up will not help as the screen is completely black!Please help!I have a Dell Inspiron 15R 3521. All of the LED lights are blue on the front of the machine.
Hi BigSmokeRed, Please connect an external monitor and check if the issue persists. There is a pattern of beeps like “beep-beep-beep” beep code and a “”beep-beep” beep code. Let us know how many times the system beeps.
Hi Senthil, I have tried connecting an external monitor but I get the same problem. Like I said it is a continuous beeping noise more like a clicking/ tuck tuck sound. I left it last night and it didn't stop for an hour until I turned it off.
Hi BigSmokeRed, This seems to be an issue with the motherboard, Depending on the warranty status we can help you further, please use the link below to check the warranty status. http://dell.to/YeuzUO Please punch in the system service tag or express service code. In case your system warranty has expired please contact the Out of Warranty department 1-800-288-4410 (U.S.Customer only). In case your system is under warranty please send me the system service tag or express service code through a private chat, so that I can help you further. Click on my username select start conversation and send me the details. 
Hello, I hava an similar problem with my dell inspiron 3521 (service tag <ADMIN NOTE: Service tag removed per privacy policy>). it starts beeping at 3 seconds for a long time. i tried to remove battery and press power button for 30 seconds but nothing happens! What can i do to resolve this problem? 
Hello, I have similar problem, my dell inspiron 15 3521 don't start since 3 days. When try pressing the power buton it sound 4 decrease beeps 3 times and stop. No dell logo then and no start up. This problem appears one week ago ans after many triying, sometimes the dell logo appears and the computer starts and run normaly. But when putting the laptop of, the next day the next problem occur. Please help me. Thanks
Hi raduradu81, 3 beep code on Dell Inspiron 3521 indicates it’s an issue with systemboard you will have to replace the systemboard. RollyCm, I would suggest you to update the BIOS on the system. Please enter your service tag # on the link below, select the OS, then download the BIOS from BIOS section onto the system and install it. http://dell.to/18r60nI
Hello, I have an XPS L502X laptop and every time I shutdown it restarts straight away. I recently updated the nvidia drivers though this was a week ago and this problem started 3 days ago. I did have an error regarding the AC power adapter something like "AC Power Adapter Type Cannot Be Determined" but that hasn't come back and it was only the one time. I've looked for solutions but none have worked or they just don't exist like the power management tab in HD Audio Controller. Any ideas?
Hi Gainz, Please run diagnostics to confirm any hardware issues http://bit.ly/11rpNTs. If the test passes I wouldsuggest you to update bios and video drivers from this website. Go to this link http://dell.to/19zbTzI punch in the service tag, go to drivers download and install the bios, video drivers. Reply with your findings.
ometimes when I watch a video, and the internet shuts down (happens about 6 times a day), the video I was watching is suddenly unavailable for about 36 hours. Any help?
James, I'm not sure I fully understand what's happening. Does your computer/internet shut down on its own, or does it look like it's the result of using Hulu? When you try to load the video again, what kind of error are you seeing? And is it always around 36 hours?
No, hulu is not the problem, I just have crappy internet. But when it does and I am watching a hulu vid the hulu vid displays "Sorry, this video is currently unavailable" after I reload the page. And lately its only been about 5 hours, but it has gotten to about 36.
Hello, My name is Chris and I am deaf I have found some subtitles error for Knight Rider Season 1 Episode 16 was tagged by Season 1 Episode 15's subtitles while Season 1 Episode 15 has no subtitles at all I was wondering if anybody can look in to that and fix it ? That would be great, have nice day and hope to see that movie all fix up and ready to go. Chris
Hi Chris - I just sent you an email. I've let our content team know; they'll take care of it. Thanks again!
The share feature on the left of a video frame, takes me to a place I can make a clip from a video.If I put 2 emails in the field separated by a comma, or a comma and space, the recipients do not get anything. If I put one email in, it works just fine
Thanks for the heads up - we will identify the issue and fix.
Anyone having any problems after downloading IE 8 with all the fuctions of Hulu working?
I have been using Internet Explorer 8 for a few months in its beta versions, release candidate version, and now its final release version on Windows Vista. I've been able to view videos just fine both in embedded and full screen mode.The only minor annoyances I have encountered are some formatting and navigation issues in discussion forums. These seem to be resolved for the most part in the final released version of IE8 for me. (I'm not using compatibility view for Hulu, although you might try that if you're having problems.)
My IE8 client refuses to connect to hulu what so ever. The compatibility option I've found in the menu bar has been whited out with concern to the site so I don't think it is an option. However firefox partially loads and shows some content, but not videos. I live in america and have the latest versions of my browser, adobe flash, java and have even cleared my cache and cookies to try to resolve the problem. Bandwidth is fine as well and ISP is out since other computers on my system will connect. Kinda at a loss here
There was a momentary hiccup in service yesterday which has now been resolved. If you continue to experience issues, let us know.
The forums were screwed up and I couldn't post on them yesterday for a short period of time.
When *not* in full screen or pop out mode, the pause button, the video area, and the buttons to the left of the video fail to accept clicks. The light effects appear under the buttons, but the cursor quickly changes from a hand back to a pointer and ignores clicks. The three or four buttons to the right of a video respond normally. A workaround is to use the "full screen" or "pop out" buttons, which allow pausing. have tried logging in from several different Intel Macs running the latest Flash 10 in Firefox 3.0.7, Safari 3, and a few other browsers, with the same results. Is this affecting Windows, too, or just Macs?
The problem disappeared after I re-installed Flash and the browsers.
Currently when I click on the "Your Queue (x)" link at the top of the screen I get taken to http://www.hulu.com/users/queue, but instead of the normal Queue screen there is a large gray bar across the center that says "copy to clipboard". It also highlights green when I mouse over it like other Hulu buttons, but nothing happens if I click it.
I have this problem too I put a post under general technical issues
Same issue here, sent email to support as well as posted in other topic.
I'm pretty sure this is site-wide at this point, and only effets queue, as I can watch videos not in my queue or watch them normally by clicking them.Probably some random maitenenct gone astray, give it a while and I'm sure it will be fixed.
same here big green copy to clipboard button...that i cant seem to copy =)
I'm having the same problem. Hope they fix it soon
I have the same problem, big green copy to clipboard button that doesn't work.
Me, too. But I didn't click on the clipboard
Are all of you guys using a Mac? Here's my deal: I have the same problem on my Mac even on my Windows partition in IE, but when I logon to any Windows PC the problem does not exist. I have tried 2 different Macs with 4 different browsers and all have the same issue, but IE and FireFox browsers on a Windows PC do not have this issue.
Nope, I don't own a Mac. Your post prompted me to check, and the same problem occurs for me in IE as well as Firefox.
Just adding a new voice to the discussion: I'm on a Mac and get 'Copy To Clipboard' using FireFox 3.0.4. I've logged out and logged back in to HULU as well as completely quit out of FireFox (clearing the cache but not the cookies in the process).If I use Safari 3.2.1, I can get to my queue, watch, re-organize, and delete videos with no troubles whatsoever.
It seems to now be fixed, for me.
Me Too! I just logged in and "Your Queue" works now. Great work Hulu!
Still having the problem AND it keeps logging me out whenever this happens. Something wrong with Hulu's cookies. Also having trouble staying logged into the site long enough to post so please excuse me if the comment appears more than once.
I'm watching American Dad! "Helping Handis", and the first commercial break came in the middle of a word.Had an issue the other day when none of the commercials played. Not to look a gift horse in the mouth, but I'd rather have the commercials run right.
Thanks for the heads up, Paul. I've sent a request to our Content team to examine and fix.
Some commercial cues also seem to have been determined heuristically when there is a sudden drop in content luminosity (such as a fade or slam to black).This has caused cues to be added at ridiculous moments in the entire set of episodes of Cosmos. As a series that deals heavily with space, there are many moments within scenes (and with continuous dialog) that the camera pans to a dark shot of the night sky. Unfortunately, commercials get inserted at these points and are extremely interruptive.The episodes of this PBS series were composed with individual acts and divisions where commercial insertion would be appropriate. The content team seems to have missed them entirely, however. If you happen to have the Collector's Edition DVDs available as a source, you might be able to review it for chapter markers appropriate for commercial breaks.
Life s2e02 "Everything All The Time" has its commercial cues several seconds off after the scene breaks.
In two episodes of Rescue me (Season 4, Episodes 12 and 13), just a second before the "commercial break", it goes into a commercial, finishes the scene, and then goes right to the allotted commercial break.
So I get two commercials within second of each other
Okay, so I look closer, and there are two dots very close to each other. Can someone explain to me the reason behind that? It's quite annoying. If Hulu needs more "ad" times, then they should play more ads during the allotted time they set instead of jamming the "dots" close to each other creating more [unnecessary] breaks in the shows
I am hoping that someone from Hulu is monitoring the boards this morning, after the opening advertisement, videos won't load and appear to stall. After a quick Twitter search it appears that I am not the only one with this problem.To make sure that problem is not on my end I have ran speedtest.net, cleared my cache & cookies, rebooted my computer, and tried multiple browsers. The result is the same.Please help before I go into Hulu withdrawals.
I'm also experiencing the same issue as of early this morning. Just as a side note, if you are able to click the pop out button during the "brought to you by" advertiser message the pop out plays fine (as do embedded videos, such as videos in the hulu blog).
Yes I've been experiencing the samething For the past week. I attempted to introduce HULU to one of my friends. He travels and he loved the idea of being able to watch tv from anywhere without lugging his TV around....It was really embarassing bragging the way I did and it not work. But Other sites that use HULU such as myspace TV work just fine....it's really a disappointment
Same thing here. Started at 3am central time and still doesn't work. Only loads the advertisement and then stalls.
I am also experiencing the same problems of only loading the initial advertisement and then the video will not load. First I rebooted the system, tried multiple browsers, reset modem and router (I feared was a connection problem), ran speed tests. I can get other websites with streaming capabilities to load with no problems. I tried switching to another computer as well as booting into another OS and still no luck.
I also have this problem. But it seems to only be a problem on linux for me. I tried windows XP within Virtualbox and hulu played fine both IE and Firefox..
Noticed the same thing last PM. This AM not even Ads will load. Tried the clear cache and restart browser thingy with no improvement.
I'm also having this problem. I cleared out my cookies, cache, etc. Also ran disk utilities (I'm on a Mac). It has been this way all day yesterday and today.
You have made so many amendments to Hulu that I feel bad complaining.Also, I'm having problems with the queue order. Let's say that I queued up 5 programs and while watching them, I had to get the door. When I get back to my Mac, I have a choice of going to History to watch the excerpts I missed or re-queuing the programs from the main show menu. When I do the latter, the re-queued programs are not in order. They are all over the place.
same problem on my end, and it started getting buggy a week ago. d/l and u/l speeds are well above average, connection is great, everything running smoothly. ads work fine, embedded media stalling on loading screen
oh and as a side-note - pop out isn't working for me either. at all. at any juncture. it just causes a freeze.
Sometimes, I click on a video and the link takes me back to the home page. Only notice this occasionally, over the last few days.
Can you please link to specific videos where this is happening?
I have noticed the same behavior in the last couple of days. But for me, it can happen on any page, not just videos. And it appears to be random, sometimes you click on the link and it goes to the home page and other times it will work. It usually happens in the evening. Also, the pages that do load, load very slowly.Links where I've had this happen sometimes:Various "The A-Team" videos that I clicked on from my queue. Both the normal link and the popout link would go to the home page.The 'Main', 'Queue' and 'History' pages of my profileMany of the links to the discussion boards.Links to videos or home pages of shows from the pages that allow you to browse shows and videos ( eg. 'Most Popular', 'Recently Added', etc ).I've only noticed this behavior when the website is running slowly and even then, it is random. Sometimes the links will work and other times they'll go to the home page.
